BLU BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Unlocked Cellphone, Black
3
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+5.0+C+HD+Unlocked+Cellphone,+Blac
-0.9985028505325317
It's not as great as my old Lumia 810two major problems I'm experiencing with this 
phone:1. Low Battery life2. Wifi/Data constantly dropsBatteryThe Blu Studio 5.0 C HD has a 2000 
mAh battery. Which I thought was a step up from my Lumia 810's 1800 mAh 
battery. Big mistake. When I begin my day with 100% charge, I can just leave 
it on and do nothing and watch the percent drop in a matter of minutes. 
If i leave if in my pocket with the screen locked and turn off wifi, 
and data, and all location services, AND have the phone running in "power saver mode" 
with the brightness all the way down, I find that it loses 5% charge in 
about 10-15 minutes. This is atrocious. I'm scared to watch what happens when I actually 
use the phone. When I do use it to the max, with a few apps 
running and wifi on, i watch it lose about 10% per 2 minutes. Yes the 
display is 720p but that shouldn't be a problem. The windows OS must use little 
power or something because my lumia could last me at least one and half days. 
Only now, after two years, it has begun to lose charge faster, but still can 
get a full day of use. The lumia has a smaller display coming at 4.3" 
and a really low res of 480x800 but it has a smaller batter too yet 
it still lasts longer than the Blu.WIFI/Databoth this phone and my old lumia 810 from 
about two years ago have up to wireless n and 4g hspa+ however, the blu 
studio 5.0 c HD constantly drops from the network. It says that it's still connected 
to wifi and data, but it does not update anything. I don't get new hangout/facebook 
messages and I can't use the browser. It only begins to work once I turn 
off wifi and then turn it back on, and same with data. I'm guessing this 
is an OS problem and i'll see if I can try it with a custom 
rom.If the charging port on my Lumia wasn't broken, I wouldn't have switched to this 
phone. I'm thinking of just getting the wireless charging shell for the lumia and a 
qi plate and then just using the blu only for the few android apps it 
offers that I need that I can't get on windows phone. 