BLU BLU Vivo XL Smartphone - 5.5" 4G LTE - GSM Unlocked - Chrome Silver
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Vivo+XL+Smartphone+-+5.5"+4G+LTE+-+GSM+Unlocked+-+Chrome+Silve
-0.6260263919830322
Update: after owning this phone for a while, I think 4 stars is fair. The 
major annoyance I have that is a regular thing is the weak GPS ability. It 
takes a good minute or so to start getting accurate driving directions anywhere, where my 
Nexus would instantly get going. The map bounces around, my location scrambles all over the 
place, shows my location in the wrong area ranging from a couple streets over to 
a mile away. Eventually it figures itself out, but when you need quick directions, this 
phone fails. That, and the continued super annoying bottom-up swiping drawer are my only complaints 
really.Original review:This is a good phone. I decided to take a chance with a brand 
I didn't really recognize, but they seemed to have really, really good reviews across all 
online retailers that sold them. I went with the Blu Vivo XL primarily because of 
the good reviews and generally comparable/slightly better specs than my Nexus 5 that crapped out.The 
good:- Big, bright screen with vibrant colors. A totally different experience than my Nexus 5. 
The bigger screen is cool too, I'm not sure if I can ever go back 
to something smaller.- Good performance. Handles everything I've thrown at it with ease. Very smooth 
operation.- The back button is on the right instead of the left, which is easier 
for me being right handed, I'm not stretching my thumb all the way across to 
hit "back"- Minimal crapware installed from the beginning, some of it is removable- SD card 
slot, which my Nexus didn't have- Loud speaker phone- Camera is sharp, accurateThe bad:- The 
app drawer/tray thing slides up from the bottom instead of down from the top. I 
frequently trigger it to slide up while typing or scrolling, which is REALLY annoying. This 
is probably the main detractor- Although it operates smoothly 99% of the time, occasionally has 
some graphical "glitch" tendencies. Hard to explain, but transitioning between apps or closing apps makes 
this happen most frequently. Usually a chunky framerate, or temporarily frozen screen for a second- 
Touch screen seems slightly off with accuracy. I find myself having to press 2-3 times 
to get things to register once in a while, whereas Nexus 5 never had this 
issue- No upgrade to later versions of Android as far as I know, without rooting 
and doing a bunch of extra work- 720p resolution rather than 1080p. Not a huge 
thing and less noticeable than I thought it'd beI really, really like this phone and 
would recommend it to others. The negatives are more than made up for with the 
positives. I'm still surprised it's only $150 too. Incredible price for what you get. 