BLU BLU Studio 7.0 II -Unlocked Smartphone - US GSM - Blue
2
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+7.0+II+-Unlocked+Smartphone+-+US+GSM+-+Blu
-0.7992643117904663
Reason I got this phone: So even though I am very well versed in phones 
of just about every kind (I own multiple Android phones, Windows Phones, and iPhone 6, 
a Z10, a Fire Phone, etc), I did not realize that anyone had put out 
a 7 inch phone. When I noticed it was under $150, I went ahead and 
made the purchase. I understood that the specs were fairly low and that it wasn't 
going to blow me away. As long as everything worked as expected, albeit slower than 
my G Flex 2, I felt this would be a fun phone to use from 
time to time when I didn't want to carry a tablet and a phone. Did 
it live up to my "just work" expectations?I generally find "pro" and "con" lists very 
useful when trying to find specific details so that is how I am going to 
handle this.Pros:-SIM Card Worked Immediately: I have had MANY phones I had to change APN 
settings before data would work, including really expensive ones. Studio 7.0 ii had no problems 
and I didn't have to mess with any settings.-Speaker: Some other reviewers have listed this 
as a con but I thought it sounded just fine for a cheap phone. It 
isn't extremely loud nor is extremely clear, but it does it job when listing to 
podcasts in bed or playing a quick game. If my environment is loud, I use 
headphones.-Bluetooth And WIFI Worked Great: I used bluetooth headphones and my home WIFI without fail.-Played 
Games Surprisingly Well: I immediately downloaded Minecraft as a test. While it took awhile to 
loud, it ran rather smooth. I see this on a lot of newer low end 
phones. They take awhile to load more demanding games but do surprisingly well once it 
is complete.-Appearance: It looks like a very nice device. Back mimics the original Nexus 7 
but looks more elegant with the metal trim. The front gives off an HTC M7/M8/M9 
vibe.-Weight: It felt light in my hands for its overall size. Sure it is my 
heaviest phone, but it is 7 inches!Cons:-Battery: Simply bad. There really isn’t any other way 
to describe it. With no games, phone calls and minimal video, I can’t imagine the 
Studio 7 ii ever lasting a full day.-USB Port: Most USB ports on phones have 
a "click" when the cord is inserted. Not only doesn't this phone have the same 
sound or sensation, but different cords have all fallen out of this phone with very 
minimal pull. It became hard to use and charge at the same time.-Screen Sensitivity: Too 
many times did I have to touch the screen twice before it registered what I 
was trying to do.-No Proximity Sensor: So this partly my fault for not noticing the 
omission prior to purchase. I didn’t realize how much I would miss it until my 
face started an internet radio station while talking on the phone. This really should be 
on EVERY phone.-Video Streaming Issues: In multiple apps, I had issues streaming video. During the 
first minute, I would get an error message. Once the video restarted, I would have 
no problems. This happened consistently.-Minimal Screen Brightness Adjustments: As someone who uses their phone in 
bed quite a bit, I often change brightness levels. Difference between the highest and lowest 
settings in laughable at best.-Sim Card/SD Card Slot: Using a screw might sound like a 
good idea considering everyone owns screwdrivers. Big problem? The screw is so tiny that it 
becomes incredibly easy to misplace it. As someone who changes phones all the time, I 
am worried it will drop in the couch or something like that. They should have 
just used a typical slot.-Microphone During Call: I have made exactly one phone call so 
far with this phone, and I made it expressly to test how using a 7in 
phone would work out. Straight from the beginning, the person on the other side had 
troubles hearing me. I had to press the phone against my face for the sound 
to be loud enough on the other end.-Camera: I hate to list this as a 
con since I knew neither would be good, but they terrible. They are probably worse 
than the $50 Windows Phones I have used in the last couple years. Grainy is 
the norm and unfortunately it stands out more on the low-res screen.-SD Card Support: Honestly 
this could just be my unit, but my card became corrupt within one day of 
putting it into this phone. The card has been fine in multiple other devices so 
I know it isn't the card.-Power Button Response: If I haven't touched my phone in 
20 minutes or more, the screen won't come on for a SOLID 5 seconds. Obviously 
this is unacceptable, even for a phone in this price range.-Android Not Up To Date: 
I do not give any phone maker wiggle room on this. I am a firm 
believer that EVERY phone should get updates for 2 years from original release date. Considering 
this device hasn't been updated since release (as far as I can tell), Blu needs 
to get their act together. Stagefright exploit needs to be patched.Neutral:-Screen: It is exactly what 
I thought it would be: a low resolution 7 inch screen that does the job.-General 
Speed: Going in-between apps isn’t speedy but certainly is good enough, esp. for those used 
to lower end devices.-USB Port Location: I much prefer it on the bottom but understand 
that this is different for everyone.So here is the real question: Do I plan on 
keeping this phone and would I recommend it to anyone? Simply no. My experience with 
talking on the phone made me quickly realize this is simply a tablet with a 
single, low end mic at the bottom of the device. Blu didn’t put any thought 
into making the usability of such a large device easier for the user. Given the 
phone issues, USB port issues and the SD card issues, I couldn’t possibly suggest anyone 
buy this. It makes a below average tablet and an horrible phone. 