BLU BLU PURE XL Smartphone - 4G LTE GSM Unlocked - 64GB +3GB RAM - Grey
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+PURE+XL+Smartphone+-+4G+LTE+GSM+Unlocked+-+64GB++3GB+RAM+-+Gre
-0.8425467014312744
For comparison, the past few years I've owned a Galaxy 3 and 4, Amazon Fire 
Phone, LG G4, and now the Blu Pure Xl (At this moment I've ha had 
it for 2 weeks). And all have been with Cricket Wireless, before and after the 
AT&T buy out. Hands down this is the bang for your buck!The specs on this 
phone a 9 out of 10. Camera is really good, but not great. My LG 
G4 had a better camera. The different camera features like Smart Focus, Pro mode, and 
a few others make up for the less than lackluster camera.No lag. The processor is 
really fast.The screen is awesome! Better than my LG G4. It's crisp, especially with HD 
videos. It's definitely up there with the Note 5.Speaker is loud and depending the quality 
of video or audio the speaker can sometimes sound awesome or not so great. The 
speaker being in the back does have its downfall, lay it on the table and 
the sound muffles. So now you have to hold it for everyone to watch.IT'S A 
BIG PHONE! 6" Screen. Definitely not for small hands. I have long fingers and it's 
still cumbersome to reach across the screen one handed. I use SwiftKey keyboard board and 
shrink the keyboard to the right corner for comfortable one handed use.When you hold it 
in your hand it feels like quality. It's solid and the back cover is a 
harder plastic that feels like metal. All the buttons are on the right. It has 
a dedicated camera button that I really don't car about. It's not quick to respond 
when pressing it. It takes about 3 seconds. No different than me opening the lock 
screen with the really quick finger scanner and pressing the camera app. It would be 
nice if there was an option to make that button open any app or feature 
on your phone.It has an interesting feature "fake call". Yup, you can press that icon 
in the settings and you will have your phone ring in 15 seconds and there's 
a voice on the other end. It would be neat if they could let you 
record your own automated conversation on the other end of the Fake Call feature. Blu 
could make a little more money to purchase fake conversations to make the fake call 
more realistic.Overall it's a really good phone. It's the biggest I've owned. I've organized my 
most most used apps with in thumb reach away so it makes one handed use 
a lot easier.At $350 and in the same class as the Galaxy Note and iPhone 
6 plus, this is a no brainer. Two weeks in with this phone and no 
complaints. 