LifeProof LifeProof Case 1801-02 for Samsung Galaxy S4 (Nuud Series) - Glacie
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=LifeProof+LifeProof+Case+1801-02+for+Samsung+Galaxy+S4
0.7358337640762329
I bought this as a birthday gift for my mom, since her old one had 
been damaged and was no longer waterproof.It was easy to install on her phone, looked 
exactly as pictured, and didn't noticeably diminish the audio quality of her calls. Other reviews 
have complained about audio quality, but in normal daily use, I don't personally notice a 
difference - at least, not one that makes a real difference in function. The screen 
protector didn't noticeably change the display quality either, which is where the big difference between 
the Nuud and the Fre cases lies, since the Fre cases have a plastic overlay 
to the screen that does really diminish the display quality.Having owned multiple LifeProof cases myself, 
I can say that they tend to hold up well for about a year. This 
was my mom's experience too, and actually the reason I bought her a new one 
as a gift. After about a year, the cover at the bottom of the case 
that protects the charging port tends to break off, as do the rubber covers for 
the external switches on your phone. This means the case isn't waterproof any more, which 
kind of voids the whole point of the case. This would be really annoying if 
I paid $80-100 for the case (that really is the retail price at AT&T stores), 
especially since the one-year mark puts you JUST outside the warranty on the case, but 
at Amazon prices I feel like it's very much worth the protection these cases give 
your phone. Because: for the approximate year the case holds up, it really is the 
best protection you can give your phone. I personally have a two year old, and 
an 1.5 year old iPhone 6, and I have always kept a LifeProof case on 
it. I've had to replace the case, but my phone has stood up to my 
toddler's abuse, and when I remove the case, the phone is in basically new condition. 
And my toddler has spilled things on it, dunked it in the bath, sat on 
it, thrown it on concrete...basically done everything possible to it but run it over with 
a car. And the best thing is that these cases really don't diminish your audio 
or display quality in exchange for that protection.The cases do add bulk. The Samsung cases 
seem to add more bulk than the iPhone ones do. When we put this case 
on my mom's phone it seemed to approximately double the thickness of the phone, which 
is really quite a bummer. But the only other cases that offer this level of 
protection add just as much bulk, if not more, so I feel like it's probably 
just the price you pay to be able to hand your phone to a child 
or throw it into the bottom of a loaded purse and expect it to not 
get destroyed. 