LG Electronics LG Electronics G3 D855 32GB Unlocked International Phone (International Version No Warranty) - Retail Packaging - Violet
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=LG+Electronics+LG+Electronics+G3+D855+32GB+Unlocked+International+Phone
0.932418167591095
The G3 is one of my favorite phones I have ever owned. The look and 
solid feel are second only to a handful of phones. I've had both variants of 
the d855 and can say without a doubt, you want to get the 32 gigabyte 
version, as the extra RAM and space are very necessary. The screen is the shining 
star here.. Once you get used to it all 1080p screens look outdated and cheap 
(minus sony's z2, z3 screens.. they looks great at 1080p)I have bought (all outright, full 
price) a droid turbo, htc one m7, sony xperia z2, blu life pure mini, oneplus 
one, iPhone 5c, lg g2, and a couple others.. and the G3 is my daily 
driver. I am replacing it with a Note 4, but not for any reason other 
than I want a phone with a fingerprint scanner and big 2k screen. The 32GB 
G3 bought now at these prices (so LOW) will be a fine device for atlas 
another year, maybe even two, that will be as quick as most everything else out 
there.The Bad: this is the intl. version, so NO 4G in the USA. mine is 
plenty fast on H w/ AT&T but this may really bug some people. The one 
issue I always have had with the phone personally though was the SoC. The SD 
801AC is a beast of an SoC and paired with the Adreno 330, it halls 
balls. BUT, it wasn't quite ready to power a 2k screen AND handle heavy multitasking/gaming. 
So from the get-go you'll notice "micro-lags" all over the place. You do get used 
to it, and it's nothing to noteworthy, but it is there. And when you start 
really throwing a lot of tasks at the phone you'll see screen stutters quite a 
bit. My first g3 from amazon (the 16gig) had AWFUL sound from the AUX port.. 
I mean bad. On my new g3 (the 32 gig) the sound couldn't be better. 
Loud and clear.. its Apple quality. So I chalk up the bad experience on my 
first one to a bad device.I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a 
flagship, with 2k screen.. but doesn't want to spend a ton of money outright. And 
unless you do a ton of Youtube on your mobile data plan, the lack of 
LTE will go unnoticed for the most part.If you can afford to spend and extra 
$100 get the Galaxy Note 4 