Motorola Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White/Bamboo
3
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Motorola+Motorola+Moto+X
-0.9804946184158325
So I received the phone yesterday on a deal of the day special of $199 
Amazon had this past week and thought "Wow" this is such a great deal until 
I realized it was only in 16gb. I thought really? They still make 16gb phones 
these days? Why? Well at least it has SD expansion and then realized it didn't. 
Once again, why not? If your only providing 16gb why not include SD expansion (makes 
no sense whatsoever).So I hesitated but thought well I can probably live with 16gb since 
I have cloud storage and a tablet with SD card so I pulled the trigger 
($199 is had to pass up). I ordered the black leather edition and upon receiving 
it and holding it I was very pleased. It's beautiful to look at and hold 
and very well constructed as others have mentioned. The smell and feel of leather is 
unsurpassed by any other phone I have used prior (iPhones, Samsungs, LG's) the arched back 
design also allows for a superior hold in the hand.So all is well I thought, 
I'm loving it. I turned it on and immediately went to the storage capacity and 
I was blown away! Only 10.2 GB of available storage!!! What the hell how could 
this be? There must be some kind of mistake this is ridiculous! I was immediately 
prompted to update the software to Lollipop which I did and after updating all firmware 
and the outdated KitKat it came installed with and adding Whatsapp, CBS Sports and Slacker 
I was left with a repulsive 7.9 GB of available storage, I mean seriously this 
is a joke!How in the world does a 16gb device take up 6gb for the 
OS? Perhaps 2gb maybe 3 but 6? And if so why the hell isn't it 
advertised? Instead of 16gb it should be sold as "10gb of usable storage" I would 
have never purchased it...So yes the phone is pretty to look at and hold and 
yes the OS is stock android which craps on everything else but the usable storage 
of the Moto X is not reasonable and therefore I cannot recommend it especially if 
this is your go to phone and plan on having it for a while. With 
more apps, a few songs and constant app updates you will run out of storage 
in no time and your phone will begin to lag.If Moto is going to undercut 
the storage than at least provide an SD slot. Perhaps go for the 32gb or 
just get a Nexus. I mean really my LG Optimus G (E970) from 2012 is 
also 16gb, has a ton of AT&T and LG Bloatware and yet still has 11.8GB 
leftover of usable storage AND includes SD expansion and that's a 3 year old phone!!! 
