 Sony Xperia Z3+ (Z3 Plus) E6553 5.2-Inch 32GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone (Copper) - International Stock - No Warranty
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Sony+Xperia+Z3+
-0.9845463037490845
Pros: * it looks really nice. I have received many complements for this phone from 
people (at least to me) * it feels very nice and it is pretty sturdy! 
I have dropped it many times but it still works and the screen is not 
shattered.Cons: * Don't buy this phone. The overheating issue is not something you can look 
over. It makes the phone literally unusable. Overheating causes this phone to slow down significantly 
to the point you want to scream. Any app that uses the CPU intensively slows 
down the phone. I will list the top apps that you practically can't use:1- Camera: 
YOU CANNOT USE THE CAMERA more than a minute or so. It becomes very unfortunate 
when you are recording a rare event (let's say a concert and your camera app 
shuts down because the phone is overheated. You cannot trust the camera for being quick 
and responsive either when your phone is hot. It takes a while to load and 
start working. 2- Maps (navigation): navigation is a CPU heavy process. That means it no 
camera or any other feature of your phone while that's happening. To be fair, you 
can make calls but the phone works so slow that it really goes on your 
nerves! 3- Snapchat: Snapchat is impossible to use on this phone. even if the phone 
is perfectly idle, Snapchat kills your phone. It makes your phone extremely hot in in 
tens of seconds and becomes unresponsive until. It's not to say you can't use it 
at all, it's just you have wait and be patient when you are using it. 
so if something is happening and you want to send a quick snap of that 
moment, you should forget about that! Even worse, if you connect your phone to a 
charger and open Snapchat your phone gets hot in no time and although the charger 
is still connected you battery percentage keeps slowly going down. 4- Skype: it's like Snapchat 
but a little better. You can't really use skype and multi-task. Skype alone is very 
heavy on the phone. 