BLU BLU Life One Unlocked Dual Sim Phone L120, 16 GB, White
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Life+One+Unlocked+Dual+Sim+Phone+L120,+16+GB,+Whit
0.9810665845870972
I've had this phone since April last year - long enough to rate it.This is 
my first Android phone and now I can say I had a very enjoyable experience: 
it didn't break my bank, works like a clock, and does exactly what it is 
supposed to do!The phone is very well thought out and has a solid feel to 
it, very elegant, light and just the right size to fit comfortably in the hand 
or purse.The screen is very clear and bright, sensitive to touch, has really nice colors 
and is big enough not to strain the eyes.Cameras are 13mp (back) and 5 mp 
(front). Both are very good. Back one is doing a bit better job than front 
one, but both take very clear, bright pictures in day light and good quality pictures 
in evening light.Speakers are really nice and provide clear sound, either you are talking on 
the phone or listening to the music.I use GPS all the time. Phone is doing 
a great job! Once in a while, mostly when it's wind and weather, it can 
not find the signal right away, but once it's there it always takes me to 
my destination no problems. If I am off the path, it's rerouting immediately.Battery lasts for 
quite a while and is enough for all my daily routine: calls, e-mail, msgs, play 
time, music. I put it to charge only in the very late evening and it 
lasts throughout the next day. Like any other phone, playing game apps will suck the 
battery faster than anything else, but the battery will still last until the very end 
of the day for me.Traveled to Europe with this phone. It connected to the local 
provider immediately and during my stay there I didn't have any issues with connections - 
whether I was making local or international calls. The sound was good quality and clear. 
Of course, it doesn't have noise reduction like Samsung, but it doesn't cost like Samsung 
either!I never had any problems with my phone freezing, shutting off, charging issues, messaging, or 
WiFi problems.So, I am very happy with my toy. Great phone! Great price! Highly recommended!If 
you're expecting this phone to have all those "high-end functions and appearances", then probably, Samsung 
6 and HTC will suit you better, along with their prices! But if you're looking 
for a well-budgeted, reliable, good quality phone that compares very well with the "high-end phones", 
but doesn't necessarily have all those "bells and whistles", then this is the phone for 
you! 