 SONY XPERIA Z1 COMPACT D5503 16GB WHITE FACTORY UNLOCKED International Version No Warranty LTE 4G 3G 2G GSM NEW (2G & 3G 850/900/1700/1900/2100 & 4G LTE 800/850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100/2600)
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+SONY+XPERIA+Z1+COMPACT+D5503+16GB+WHITE+FACTORY+UNLOCKED+International+Version+No+Warranty+LTE+4G+3G+2G+GSM+NEW
0.8959932923316956
Once my flip phone died after a good 6 year life, I decided to finally 
upgrade to a smart phone. I work in medicine, so had previously purchased an iPod 
touch 5 (really an iPhone 5 w/o the phone) o that I'd have access to 
medical reference apps. Rather than carry two objects around (cellphone+iPod touch) it made sense to 
me to consolidate into one device.My iPod touch is awesome, first off. Excellent camera, excellent 
display, thin, and well designed. I wanted an android phone though, because i liked the 
idea of a having a little more freedom, having the android file management system (I 
need to store a lot of documents on my phone), not being locked into the 
apple world, and significantly, wanted something I could get wet. After reading around about various 
android phones (w/ my irrational dislike of samsung), the xperia seemed like the best choice 
for t-mobile. Same size as an iPhone5, not too fat, and apparently good specs.First impressions: 
(don't just read the bads)BADS:1. display colors are ... a little jarring. Blues aren't as 
vibrant or deep, reds are a little offensive, and shades of white and off-white blend 
together more than they should. When I look at the same photo of a sunny 
hawaii beach on the sony and iPod, it looks much better on the iPod.2. Camera 
is worse than the iPod touch, for more or less the same reasons, plus more 
noise and less sharp. Photos actually look pretty good, but not iPhone/iPod good.3. Design is 
clunky. Things aren't nearly as beautiful or stylish as in iOS. I hadn't used an 
android phone before, but expected it to work much the same way as iOS. Unfortunately, 
the phone comes preloaded with a gazillion apps, including both a sony version (I guess) 
and a google version. Mail vs Gmail? Messages vs Hangouts? Maps vs Google Maps? Facebook 
vs Xperia Facebook? Photo album vs Google Photos? Office Suite vs play books vs Google 
Drive vs Quickoffice. Initially each time you open something, it asks which app you want 
to use. Then it has other weird, nonfunctional programs like xperia privilege, sony select, movies. 
Not elegant. None of pdf reader apps (it comes preinstalled w/ like 3) let you 
preview 10 pages at a time, unlike iBooks, but Adobe reader seems to work the 
best.4. A little buggy/not intuitive: For photos, both apps are clunky compared to iPhoto, and 
both like to dim the screen once you've selected a photo to look at, making 
it impossible to see them. I figure I'm doing sth wrong there, because I'm certain 
they aren't supposed to work like that. Screen brightness is a constant battle with this 
phone. When selecting brightness, the preview isn't what you get (reality is darker.)Xperia on an 
apple computer: the phone installs some application on your computer to transfer files between computer 
and the xperia. It works pretty well if you don't care about organization so much. 
I have some beloved iTunes playlists on my computer and iPod, but you can't transfer 
playlists. You can transfer all the playlist songs easily, but have to manually recreate the 
playlist on the xperia. Pain in the ass. Photos transfer easily from iPhoto, but do 
not arrive in as organized a fashion. Besides these gripes, it works really well.GOODS:1. Android 
file commander is so much nicer to use than a 3rd party documents app on 
iOS. For someone who uses a lot of pdfs, it's very handy.2. Radio app is 
awesome. Now I can listen to NPR anywhere!3. V. customizable! There are a lot of 
themes you can download, which are fun and change the appearance of android. You can 
remove all the hideous large applets covering your display (no I don't want a flip 
book of movies on my desktop), and make your screen look pretty clean. Android is 
pretty easy to navigate once you figure it out.4. All the initial headaches from changing 
from iOS to android are mostly over, and I use the device easily now.5. Sony 
walkman is a cool music app. I just wish it preserved my playlists.6. Waterproof? So 
handy..7. External speaker is pretty good!8. Battery life: as someone who doesn't have the phone 
out all day, I charge it every other day w/o worrying about it dying. It 
does a good job preserving battery life as it nears empty.9. Attractive, solid feeling device. 
I played with my friends Galaxy, and that thing felt like a cheap POS.Conclusion: I 
probably would have been happier buying an iPhone 4s, or waiting for the new iPhone 
to buy an iPhone 5, (largely because I didn't realize iPhones have a proprietary messaging 
system, which doesn't communicate great w/ android phones, and most of my friends/family have iPhones) 
but I'm pretty happy with this, and don't regret the purchase. 