ZTE ZTE Axon 7 unlocked smartphone,64GB Grey (US Warranty)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=ZTE+ZTE+Axon+7+unlocked+smartphone,64GB+Grey
0.8707255125045776
Aesthetically this phone is beautiful. It's sleek and slim with a metal body. A minor 
drawback may be that the slick feel of the phone make sit a bit slippery. 
This hasn't caused any issues for me, but I could see it being problematic for 
some people. The fingerprint sensor is located on the back of the phone which is 
very convenient as opposed to the front where you have to struggle a bit more 
to get print recognition. The speakers being on the front is a nice feature so 
that the music/sound comes towards you while you watch or listen to entertainment . The 
camera does protrude from the back of the phone a bit, but it really doesn't 
present that much of a problem. The brand labeling is on the back of the 
phone, not emblazoned across the front and taking up valuable real estate.Overall the phone is 
light, but feels well made and solid. A good size in your hand, not too 
large and uncomfortable. The colors appear on the screen with great clarity. The black is 
deep and the colors are vivid and clear. Screen responsiveness is very quick, no lag 
so far. Moving from page to page is seamless, apps open with no issue or 
delay. Notifications are available by tapping bell icon every time. No longer do they automatically 
show in your lock screen notifications. This could be a benefit or drawback depending on 
how you feel about a long list of notifications.Call quality is great, both on the 
calling and receiving end. The two front facing speakers sound tremendous, perhaps the best I've 
heard (last phone was a LG G5 and had the Galaxy S6 Edge prior to 
that, for reference). As I mentioned before, apps and programs are working without issue, even 
large programs seem to run without any delay. Response time in these programs to screen 
touch is immediate.The camera on this phone is pretty decent in quality. Not likely to 
win you a Nat Geo photo of the year prize, but more than enough for 
the casual selfie taker.Phone has dual sim card capability or can be used with a 
sim and micro sd card. Options are always good!(Worth noting, the phone came with a 
set of ear buds and a case. The earbuds are fantastic while the case leaves 
a bit to be desired, good to use while you wait to get the case 
you want, maybe?)Edited to add that the Android Nougat became available today and I've already 
been able to download and use it.Also forgot to mention that with the purchase of 
this phone comes a 2 year warranty called Passport 2.0 which should protect against accidental 
damage and allows for a $100 credit towards your next (ZTE) phone should this one 
be lost or stolen. 