 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge SM-G935F 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM Smartphone - International Version, No Warranty (Black Oynx)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Samsung+Galaxy+S7+Edge+SM-G935F+32GB+Factory+Unlocked+GSM+Smartphone+-+International+Version,+No+Warranty
-0.8331356048583984
I bought the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge G935F in Black from this product page a 
week ago.A lot of people have asked questions about this particular international version so I'll 
answer some of those first. For starters, the one I got was the english edition 
for the Saudi Arabia market (see attached photos, the guides came in english and arabic). 
From what I can tell, the phone is the same as any other international edition 
but with different preinstalled apps. Mine came with a SA region specific app "Shaid" (seems 
to be a YouTube-esque app in arabic) that I uninstalled and WhatsApp. Other than that 
the only remaining bloatware was stock Samsung apps (no carrier apps, thank god), the only 
other thing I noticed that may be region specific is the S Planner app has 
a "Hijri dates adjustment" setting. Lastly this version ships with a non-us wall charger (aside 
from the regular stock accessories) shown in my review images. Mine also came with an 
adapter for use within the U.S., I have tried it and can confirm that it 
works with fast charging.This phone also uses a different chipset (manufactured by Samsung, called Exynos 
8890) than the U.S. version. Reviews I read noted that the phone was actually optimized 
for this chipset w/ better performance and battery life than the U.S. Qualcomm counterpart (Google 
it). In the U.S. version the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip is used to support Verizon 
and Sprint customers whereas this version only supports GSM carriers.To preface the review of the 
actual use of the phone, I have owned the following devices and used them each 
as a daily driver for at least a months time: Samsung Galaxy S4 GPE, Samsung 
Galaxy S5, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, HTC One M8 GPE, iPhone 6, iPhone 6S, Nexus 
5, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P. The Galaxy S7 Edge has been the most delightful experience 
of the bunch. I won't go into great detail here but the camera is phenomenal 
and launches faster than any other phone I've owned w/ a double tap of the 
home button. The camera's auto focus is super fast and I feel like I'm able 
to get a capture a lot of moments that my previous phones were too slow 
to shoot. It's also nice to be able to change the quick launch apps on 
the lock screen, I have the dialer and snapchat as mine.Continuing a theme of high 
performance this phone is incredibly fast despite powering a QHD resolution screen. Apps are surprisingly 
quick to load and multitasking is a breeze (I even found some use in the 
Samsung's split screen feature). The fingerprint scanner is on par with apple devices (and nexus 
6p/5x) although because of it's non-circular shape I find that I place my finger the 
wrong way more often. The battery is the best of any device I've used as 
a daily driver, I've been able to get through days of heavy usage like today 
(unplugged from charger at 5:45am, now at 25% at 9:03pm).The screen is BEAUTIFUL. Not only 
is it easy to read even in direct sunlight (something I have seen other devices 
struggle with) but the colors are vibrant and the screen is huge without making the 
phone too big or bulky. Perfect for watching YouTube videos and browsing instagram.Lastly a few 
notes if you buy this phone:- If you're not a fan of the stock Samsung 
launcher you can get the Google Now launcher from the Play Store, it's the same 
one used on Nexus devices and feels smoother than Samsung's launcher.- This time around Samsung 
decided to give you bigger icons which drove me nuts, search for "Get more on 
your Galaxy S7, S6 or Note 5 screen with hidden DPI scaling settings" from Android 
authority to get a 5th column on the home screen and smaller UI elements.- "Edge 
functionality" is just okay. The feature feels a bit less than polished because of the 
weak offerings in the Samsung app store - I have it turned off.Edit 4/8/2016: sorry 
about the quality of the photos of the actual phone - they were shot with 
the wide angle lens of my GoPro whereas the other images were shot with the 
S7 Edge.Edit 4/10/2016: added some higher quality images from my new camera.Update 5/9/2016: I've been 
using the phone as a daily driver for over a month now. I'm still impressed 
by the overall gfx smoothness, how fast apps load, and camera performance.Update 7/25/2016: still in 
love with this phone. I'm honestly not sure what would compel me to purchase a 
new phone at this point.. I also rooted the phone and changed the emojis to 
the iOS 9 set with the Emoji Switcher app from the play store. No more 
guessing when messaging my iOS friends =)A lot of commenters have asked which seller I 
purchased mine from: Wireless Everything. 