 Blackberry Q5 SQR100-2 8GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Dual-Core OS 10.2 Smartphone - Red
3
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Blackberry+Q5+SQR100-2+8GB+Unlocked+GSM+4G+LTE+Dual-Core+OS+10.2+Smartphone+-+Re
-0.8399301171302795
I bought this as a replacement to the mid-tier Android smartphone. Firstly, it cannot do 
as many things as my old phone could. It can come close, and you can 
change quite a few things on the Blackberry Q5, simply because it can't get the 
same apps(sideloading is useful, but far from ideal), it's square screen, and because of Blackberry 
OS. The biggest thing for me buying this phone was the keyboard, as this or 
the Q10 are the only recently released smartphones with a keypad firmly attached to them. 
This one was cheaper, so I bought it, and really enjoyed using it for the 
~2 1/2 days I had it. I'll get to it later. I got the red 
one, and boy was it red! Bright cherry red, similar to the Beats shade of 
red, for reference. All plastic. I got quite a few compliments on the phone, however 
EVERYONE will ask you why you have a Blackberry. There are haters out there. One 
thing that bugs me is that my emails are one of the notifications on the 
lockscreen, I don't like to check my email very often, so I feel guilty when 
I see a bunch of emails every time I see the lockscreen.Mine shut off randomly 
maybe 3-4 times during the period I used it. The last time it happened it 
would not turn back on, it would only get halfway into the resart cycle and 
die again. Regardless of the buttons I pressed or things that I plugged it into, 
it wouldn't turn on. Completely dead. I looked it up and apparently there is a 
rare (I found maybe a dozen other people that it happened to) chance the power 
supply is f***ed and it will send your device into an infinite reboot cycle. I 
sent it back and got a refund after using it less that 3 days, right 
after I got used to it and set it up the way I wanted it. 
I payed $135.99 USD for it new, free shipping. I got a refurbished Q10 for 
$123.99, plus shipping, which is what I'm typing this out on. Think Curve Vs. Bold. 
The Q5 is a bit beefier internally and has a better camera, removable battery, AMOLED 
screen versus Q5's LCD. It feels classier, and the matte charcoal looks much more professional 
than cherry red. I like the keyboard much better on the Q10 than the Q5. 
I don't like how the keys are separated and angled as individual buttons, I enjoy 
using the Q10's uniform rectangular keys all right next to each other. I'm sure a 
lot of people might like the Q5's better though because on the Q10 each button 
has a slight bump, or dune on one side of it. It's great for touch 
typing, which I found a bit harder on the Q5, but I could see how 
to some people this would be a grievance. Disregarding aesthetics and build quality, the phones 
play exactly the same. Same operating system, and same screen resolution. It took me ~15 
minutes to tap this out on the keyboard, including thinking about what I wanted to 
say. That's probably not far from how long it'd take if I sat at a 
computer. I'm a bit high rn, YMMV. 