Alcatel ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 5.5 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty)
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Alcatel+ALCATEL+OneTouch+Idol+3+Global+Unlocked+4G+LTE+Smartphone,+5.5+HD+IPS+Display,+16GB
-0.9981598258018494
I purchased this phone only recently here on Amazon and paid $99 - but it 
is now listed @ $240. And so you might think I would be delighted that 
I got such a 'good' deal, right? WRONG. I am extremely disappointed with this phone, 
despite my previous research and finding many good reviews on it.I have an LG41C with 
no special bells and whistles, though it pretty much has everything I really need. But 
after almost two years, it's got a couple of glitches that can't be resolved so 
I thought I would "upgrade" to another brand and a larger size. What a mistake!This 
Alcatel takes 45 + seconds to start fully (my LG takes 20), it takes only 
adequate photos (my LG takes GREAT pics), the battery runs almost out after only a 
few hours of little to no usage and with power save on - plus I 
haven't even talked on this phone yet! (my LG runs hours longer and I occasionally 
talk on it), and this Alcatel takes HOURS to fully charge (my LG takes an 
hour at most and that's if it's under 10%). AND while it's charging (power off) 
it makes a low buzzing sound about every 15 seconds and there is NO way 
to stop it.In addtion to all that - I cannot open photos on messaging and 
despite confirming that all the settings are correct. I tried everything possible and then called 
Alcatel and was actually told that the messaging that is built into this phone is 
not the best and you can't receive MMS! What? My LG has always opened photos 
via its built-in messaging, as long as mobile data is enabled. So the Alcatel rep 
told me to use another messaging app in order to open photos. Unacceptable.And not only 
all that, it will NOT sound a notification upon receipt of text messages. Again, I 
have worked with all the appropriate settings (I'm not a novice) over and over and 
it simply will not work.Also, there are no emojis available on the keypad when you're 
using Instagram. Huh?I've no doubt there are multiple other problems with this phone that I've 
never even encountered yet - but in the two weeks that I've used it, these 
are quite enough problems.And now . . . this is the worst:In the past couple 
of days, this Alcatel gets VERY HOT during charging (my LG NEVER gets hot when 
charging, not even in the slightest) - and this heating issue alone is why I 
am going to send it back because I fear it is potentially dangerous. A phone 
simply should NOT get this hot while charging.Everyone has their own opinion and can make 
their own decision - but I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone and I 
am appalled that this $99 phone (not even worth that) is NOW listed at such 
a ridiculous price of $240. 