Nokia Nokia E72 Unlocked Phone Featuring GPS with Voice Navigation - U.S. Version with Full Warranty (Zodium Black)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Nokia+Nokia+E72+Unlocked+Phone+Featuring+GPS+with+Voice+Navigation+-+U.S.+Version+with+Full+Warranty
-0.954346776008606
I was skeptical about getting this phone over the E71. All the reviews attacked this 
phone as not worth it. Well I sadly don't have a E71 my jump was 
from the N79 to this Business phone. My decision was based on the 100 Dollar 
difference against the Same OS I was using, Symbian S60 3rd FP2 and the 5 
MP Camera. I could successfully upgrade most of my N79 apps into E72.Software:The huge upgrade 
aside of the business orientation model is the stability.I have found myself listening music, playing 
Snes on a Symbian emulator, with facebook and twitter apps on, my opera browser, chats 
(whatsapp), etc, abruptly interrupted by the "email notification". All I have to do is go 
to my Home screen with "end conversation button" (or email button that I haven't get 
used to yet) look for the new email, reply it and go back to my 
game or any other program I require.I like installing all type of stuff I found 
on the web. Pretty much everything runs. I have more problems with the screen orientation 
320X240 than the actual phone managing the application. I have opened heavy PDF that my 
N79 would either crash or take fore ever to open.The OVI MAPS on this device 
is way faster, way more clear and with more options such as own voice, and 
street names. This one is amazing because streets names change in this city every corner. 
You don't take too much attention to the phone "visual" directions since it tells you 
the next turn is at "Coyoacan Ave" etc.Hardware:The hardware is fine, not the best I 
have seen, my N79 was made in Mexico and felt solid. This one is made 
in China, still it's just different design. The power on Button is "loose" it feels 
like it will fall off, although haven't. The little connector (miniUSB) is covered by a 
thin plastic thing that I have never like it. I treat my phones really well 
but I don't know if it can handle a not so careful user. People complain 
about the sensor Navi key, I totally agree. I dislike it. Its ok for browsing 
in the web, but for moving around in the menu, well I just turn it 
off, problem solved.I don't regret getting this phone, It fits me for all my needs 
so fat. I have had this for a month now, it still has a lot 
to go. 