 Moto G Play (4th gen.) - Black - 16 GB - Unlocked
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Moto+G+Play
-0.7989376187324524
I have owned a number of Moto phones over the past few years, Original Moto 
x, 1st gen Moto G, 3rd gen Moto G and now the 4th gen moto 
g Play. The best of the bunch so far has been the Moto G 3rd 
gen, but the Play has promise.I am not a person who uses their phone for 
everything. I do not play games, have a billion apps, nor do I keep checking 
it every 5 minutes like some people. I use it mainly for texts, calls and 
listening to music on walks.The Audio part- This phone sounds better via headphone out than 
any of the other Motos listed above and better than Lumia 640, Samsung Galaxy S2, 
S3 and LG G4. Try it with Foobar 2000 and lossless files for a great 
treat. It powers my mid priced JVC FXT-100 iems as well as some others including 
Audio Techinca just fine. You can also attach a dac/amp via OTG cable which the 
Play supports. It worked very well with a Chord Mojo in that role. Overall performance 
of the audio is as good as I have experienced lately via the headphone out 
except for some low bass breakup on some really deep sub bass at moderate volumes. 
You know the fart type bass you get when the teeny built in amp is 
asked to do more than it can handle. It does just fine with regular music, 
just don't feed it drum and bass or other types with lots of super low 
synthesized bass. Does a great external dac/amp help, yup clears it up, but the weight 
and bulk penalty from carrying the Mojo in my pocket on a walk is not 
worth it for me.Speaking of pockets, the Play has been exhibiting some bizarre behavior. After 
pulling the Play from my pocket and unlocking the screen with swipe to change albums 
on foobar, I then pressed side screen lock button and reinserted phone into pocket. In 
some cases this has resulted in a different track starting to play. Once when receiving 
a call and pulling the phone out of my pocket, unhooking headphones and putting phone 
to my ear, the whole phone powered off?????Okay, let's see if a screen lock diagram 
will solve the problem. I set one up and also noted the screen lock time 
at 5 seconds which I think is a low as it can go. Over the 
past few days the odd behavior just continues. Selecting an album and starting play, lock 
screen and whoa, rhythmic phone dialing tones in time with my walking steps. I thought 
it was in song but now the phone was rhythmically dialing #4#4#4........... Okay, hmm, on 
another occasion it opened my messaging app and out of nowhere a huge hamburger emoticon 
with flapping arms shows up and no way to get rid of it. Even though 
I am from Colorado, I do not partake of the green stuff, haha. So for 
now I am going to hold the phone in hand for at least 5 seconds 
before putting back in pocket to see if that helps, if not back it goes.As 
for everything else about the phone, I do truly like it and my main motivation 
to get it was the functionality of Band 12- 700 MHz on T- Mobile. I 
live in an area where cell strength is low in my home and in some 
stores near me. My Lumia 640 worked great on band 12 and penetrated buildings and 
provided a usable signal in cases where regular LTE would not. This phone is just 
marginally better than not having band 12 at all. It works for some distance into 
a specific store but by the time you get to the dairy section the signal 
is gone. So radio wise the old Lumia has this phone beat.Regardless, it is an 
excellent phone overall and at its price has really no competition unless you wish to 
invoke tier 3 chinese makers with little long term reputation in the US. As for 
the ads, they are no more intrusive than another notification banner on my lock screen 
and nowhere near as bad as trying to view some websites on a phone where 
you get many ads as you scroll through to read a page.UPDATE 11-23-2016 - Still 
having some of the dialing issues when placing phone back in pocket after some tracks. 
I have noticed it more when wearing synthetic materials like sport shorts or tops and 
less when wearing jeans. This leads me to believe static may be the culprit.Still going 
strong on other fronts and is truly a fantastic deal for an above average budget 
priced phone. 