 Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Motorola+Moto+G+LTE-+Factory+Unlocked+US+Warranty
0.8261598944664001
Here's a little context: I work at the Wireless Center in Walmart, so I deal 
with 10-20 different kinds of phones every day, and I am very well-acquainted with most 
of the leading phones and their features. My previous phone was a Galaxy S3 with 
Straight Talk, which is considered a flagship phone, if a little bit outdated.My phone arrived 
a day early (I selected the free Two-Day shipping that comes with an Amazon Prime 
trial). That was a very pleasant surprise. I immediately got to work on activating it 
with my Straight Talk SIM card, and it was active and enabled with internet access 
within ten minutes.My first impressions were largely positive, but it took a little time for 
me to explore and fully examine the phone's features. The screen is very clear and 
crisp. Unfortunately, it seems that there is a very small piece of dust trapped UNDER 
the gorilla-glass face (or a messed up pixel, perhaps. Very hard to tell.). It's a 
little annoying, but then again, you can hardly see it unless you're looking for it. 
I am tempted to dock the phone one star for this, but I assume that 
my incident was an isolated one, and either way the phone is certainly impressive enough 
to warrant a 5-star review otherwise.I opted to go with the 4G LTE version of 
the phone, and I do not regret it. The internet is stunningly fast (through Straight 
Talk AT&T 4G) and I have the option to expand the memory when I need 
to.The processor is amazingly fast. It quite literally runs better than my Galaxy S3 did, 
even though the S3 boasts a 1.5ghz processor. Perhaps the quad-core processor on the Moto 
G contributes to its impressive performance, or perhaps it is just a very well-made processor. 
Whatever the case, I am quite pleased with it. Runs multiple apps, even memory-taxing ones, 
with absolute ease.The camera is mediocre. I took a picture of my phone's box to 
post on Facebook, and was markedly unimpressed with the quality. Oh well; this is one 
of the features I will use the least. If anything, I will use the cameras 
for video chat on Skype or HD video capture.I like the phone's interface much better 
than the Galaxy's; everything feels smoother and more streamlined. Even the Swype texting is nicer 
on this phone- it displays the word you're swiping right next to your finger as 
you swipe. Very cool.I've heard complaints about the phone not turning on after the battery 
is fully depleted, but I've also read that that is because a USB charger will 
not have enough voltage to wake up the dead phone, whereas a wall charger will. 
The phone, unfortunately, does not come with anything but a USB cable. I may never 
encounter this problem, however, as the phone is currently at 70% after a full day 
of usage and only a ten-minute charge in my car between periods of usage.Overall, this 
little piece of technology is incredible, especially for the price.If you're considering getting it, do 
yourself a favor and just buy it already. I can tell you right now that 
you DO want it.Amen. 