 Motorola Moto G LTE- Factory Unlocked US Warranty (Black)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Motorola+Moto+G+LTE-+Factory+Unlocked+US+Warranty
-0.744195282459259
You can read other reviews for details on the Moto G. I will primarily compare 
the Moto G LTE version with the Moto G (3G) and Moto X in this 
review.I own all three of the above phones and I chose the Moto G LTE 
as my daily phone since it have the best compromises out of the three.Features the 
Moto G LTE have that the Moto G 3G version lacks:-4G LTE of course.-Gyroscope. For 
example, if you install the Google Camera app, you can take Photosphere photos. The 3G 
version do not have this feature.-MicroSD support. (PS. It will work with 64gb microSD card 
formatted as FAT32. If your 64gb microSD is formatted as exFAT, you need to reformat 
it as FAT32.)Things from the Moto G LTE that I prefer over the Moto X:-Better 
grip comfort:The Moto G is thicker than the Moto X which is a good thing. 
The back cover is soft and smooth, and due to the thicker sides and rounder 
edges it is ergonomic and more comfortable to hold.-Better battery life:While both have LTE, due 
to difference in screen technology and lower powered CPU, the Moto G tend to get 
half an hour to one hour of screen on time more than the Moto X.-Stays 
much cooler:Due to the lower powered CPU and maybe the size, it doesn't get as 
hot like the Moto X. Even after using the phone in navigation mode for an 
hour, the phone doesn't get hot enough to become uncomfortable to hold.-Moto G LTE version 
have microSD support, Moto X don't. It's true Motorola is coming out with a Moto 
X with 64gb, but its a bit too late and probably more than most want 
to spend for a phone that is not top of the line anymore.-Better screen details:This 
will be controversial to some. I actually love the AMOLED screen technology which is used 
in the Moto X and Samsung phones, due to it's superb 180 degree viewing angle, 
super deep black, and excellent contrast. However, for a budget phone, the Moto G screen 
is very acceptable. While the viewing angle for the Moto G's IPS screen isn't very 
good, it's actually sharper than the Moto X AMOLED screen and have smoother colors (less 
color banding). It's about same brightness as the Moto X screen.What I felt missing from 
Moto G:No NFC. This is the only thing that bummed me out about this model 
and I felt it should have been included at its price point. Lacking NFC takes 
away some cool and useful features. With NFC you could: pay using Google Wallet, easily 
transfer contacts or files between Android phones using Android Beam, ability it to use "Moto 
Skip" to unlock your phone, and fast pairing with NFC enabled devices.Of course there are 
other cool exclusive Moto X features like Touchless Control, Active Display, and quick camera access. 
However, the Moto G does have a white LED notification light and you can download 
third party Active Display alternatives.Overall: I recommend spending a little more to get the Moto 
G LTE version over the 3G version. It holds its own against the Moto X, 
while not as fast and features-filled, it gets better battery life and includes microSD support, 
while practically retaining the same size and use comfort. It's a very well rounded phone 
that run stock Android smoothly and very little bloatwares. The build quality is pretty decent. 
It have nano coating for water resistant, but I definitely recommend getting a tempered glass 
screen protector. IMO, the build is as good or better than some other plastic flagship 
devices (*cough* Galaxy). The battery life is adequate to get you through an entire day. 
Lastly, being a Motorola phone you know that you'll get good signal and call quality.The 
weak points of this phone include having an average 5MP camera and not having a 
highend CPU/GPU package to play heavy graphic games. Those two factors probably aren't vital for 
the target consumers of this device. You get about 5.5GB of free space for the 
internal storage out of the box, but just compliment it with a decent sized microSD 
card. It's the most well rounded budget smartphone I've used to date. 