BLU Studio 7.0 LTE - Smartphone - GSM Unlocked - Gold
2
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+Studio+7.0+LTE+-+Smartphone+-+GSM+Unlocked+-+Gol
0.8242226243019104
You've got to realize what you're buying for this insane price. That being said, even 
a lowly 410 CPU and 1 gig of ram is more than adequate to run 
Lollipop and a brace of common apps. I use this in my business...I'm a courier 
and really needed the large display for Google Nav/Maps. I run Nav, my companies' dispatch 
app and my mileage tracking app simultaneously, while placing and taking calls via bluetooth in 
my van and the phone performs very well.I've had it for a week now with 
no issues other than the large (850+MB) update that hit my phone right after I 
set it up. The phone was laughably unstable until I factory reset the phone.... Then 
it started running smoothly.So far GPS and bluetooth have been rock solid and while a 
touch slow from time to time, the UI has been very fluid. I did go 
into developer settings and disable transition animations....helps underpowered chipsets somewhat and I have avoided Facebook 
messenger (resource hog).My expectations were pretty low when considering the modest specs but they have 
certainly been exceeded.Pros:Decent screen. Not great but not a 480x800 penalty box either.Fairly loud speakers 
without the burden of fidelity.Stock Android! Very little bloat.SD card access.Form factor is quite good.... 
Easily gripable and light.Cons:Just give me and extra gig of ram.Average camera at best.Disable the 
installed keyboard immediately and switch to Google keyboard. The 410 will thank you for it.It 
would nice to have a case for this phone but thus far I've only found 
one crappy tablet case. Not buying it.The dimple back was ugly when Samsung did it 
for the S5. Design hasn't improved with age.The occasional lag, but surprisingly minimal.Edit Week two:. 
Dropped to 2 stars. Well, the phone decided to go sideways on me. Started freezing 
then going completely black and unresponsive. Did 3 factory resets, phone runs great for a 
few hours then starts freezing and locking up..tons of ANR (apps not responding) messages pop 
up. Returning for a refund..it's unusable. 