 Sony Xperia XA unlocked smartphone,16GB White (US Warranty)
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Sony+Xperia+XA+unlocked+smartphone,16GB+White
-0.9991581439971924
Update from 12/12/2016: Sony has had my phone for 2-1/2 weeks now and still no 
resolution. This is unacceptable. Avoid at all costs, factory warranty is next to useless.From the 
beginning purchased this phone back on October 19, received October 21. Charged it up, powered 
it on, and waited while it ran through the myriads of updates. Noticed immediately the 
battery was rapidly depleting even while plugged in. Battery performance initially was terrible and would 
only last about 6 hours or regular use without streaming video or playing games. By 
the 2nd week battery life had improved and I could go a full day, 12 
hours or so, as long as I didn't stream or play games. If I stream 
I can get about 2-3 hours of use from a full battery. Fit and finish 
of the phone itself is good as is screen clarity.Moving on for those with ATT, 
it does not have all the required bands for full functionality, at least in Orange 
County, CA. When it does connect to LTE I literally can't walk 50 feet in 
any direction without dropping to H or H+, and just the act of pulling emails 
on H or H+ can be hit or miss.Based on the above I'm giving the 
phone only a 2. The lack of battery life and ability to connect to ATT 
is awful. Your mileage may vary with carrier and possibly phone in respect to battery 
life, but so far my $200 upgrade in budget smart phone has been more downgrade 
than anything. Luckily I didn't throw my old phone away.Camera is ok... don't expect fast 
shooting. Works about as good as my old Samsung S3, but it is a budget 
phone and I could really care less about the camera.Now the fun part, by November 
22 the touch sensors for the screen took a dump. Touch would either not register 
or would receive phantom input making it impossible to do anything. After beating around the 
bush with Sony tech support for a number of hours trying to do the Xperia 
companion reset, which by the way you need a working screen in order to use 
:/, it's headed back to the mothership for warranty repair or replacement. We'll see how 
this goes.... 