Samsung Samsung Galaxy Alpha G850a 32GB Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Quad-Core Smartphone (Gold) - AT&T - No Warranty
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Samsung+Samsung+Galaxy+Alpha+G850a+32GB+Unlocked+GSM+4G+LTE+Quad-Core+Smartphone
0.9879900813102722
Very nice phone. It's not too large, like some newest smartphones, these days. It fits 
perfectly in a palm of a large hand.It's relatively light weight, considering the size. I've 
got used to my bulky phone, I've had before, and at first this one felt 
too light.After a day or two I got comfortable with it. The screen is bright 
and crisp and I love all newer features, a definite upgrade from an Android Jellybean 
firmware. This one is a KitKat Android and it works flawlessly.So far I haven't noticed 
any battery issues, described by other buyers.I took me seconds to transfer my contacts from 
a Mothership Google backup. :)There is no SD card slot in this phone but it's 
not really a problem. The whopping 32Gb of internal memory will do just fine.A SIM 
card is what they call "nano size". It means you will have to either cut 
your older, larger Simcard to fit here, or go to your phone provider and pay 
them a few bucks for a new one.The 4G LTE speed is very good. I 
use T-Mobile as a provider. Not a hiccup, so far.It has all kinds of bells 
and whistles, including NFC chip, fingerprint recognition and a lot more.It's slim and very stylish. 
I bought a white one and it was a good choice. The sliver/metallic bezel, around 
the case, gives it very sophisticated look.I use a leather case/pouch to carry it around. 
Since this phone is very slim it can easily slip out of the pouch.I recommend 
getting a silicone "skin" for it. A couple of $$ spent on ebay may prevent 
a crash.PROS:- lots of features- KitKat firmware, very stable- slim design - very stylish- large, 
bright screen in a case that doesn't look like a small tablet- good price/value. You 
get a lot of proverbial bang for your buck. I'm really not ready to spend 
$700 on a phone. This one was in $280 area and I was able to 
sell the old phone for $100, so the end result was a $180 price tag. 
That's acceptable.- very nice camera. I was able to generate a "bokeh" effect with it, 
to get professional looking portraitsCONS:- needs anti-slip "skin"- buttons on the side are very sensitive 
- not a serious problem, easily solved by a silicone "skin"- no headphones were included 
with it- no SD card slot, but again - a massive 32Gb memory will do 
just fine, until next upgrade.- there is an AT&T logo, on the back case, and 
when the phone starts up, the AT&T jingle plays. No worries. If you want to 
use it with a different provider, ie. T-Mobile - IT WILL work. IT IS an 
unlocked phone but AT&T managed to get their logos there. Not a big deal. Just 
ignore the initial jingle.Update: I have just discovered an important detail. A camera lens had 
a plastic foil/liner attached.It was barely visible, but it was there.Once I removed it (with 
my fingernail) the pictures got to be incredibly sharp and crisp.Make sure you remove that 
foil, from a lens, when you get your phone. 