Sony Sony Xperia ZR C5502 Unlocked Phone--U.S. Warranty (Pink)
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Sony+Sony+Xperia+ZR+C5502+Unlocked+Phone--U.S.+Warranty
-0.9793343544006348
wont buy similar things again, don't take such so call waterproof or water resistant too 
seriously.i like and have quite a few sony products, when i lost my previous phone 
to water i selected this zr as replacement, what it attracted me most is the 
up to IP58 level of waterproof ability, and a physical camer shoot button which make 
under water photo easier, the under water video captured by zr on youtube encouraged me 
much to make the choice. another thing i like is zr's easy-to-replace battery.so even though 
Sony didn't release this model in Singapore, i still order it when i traveled to 
US. i did like it at the first glance when it arrived at my hand, 
hand feel was good, strong cpu and ample ram let apps run smoothly, anytime it 
need a clean i just put it under water tap and washed to shine.but waterproof 
finally proved not so strong. last month i had my vacation at Thailand to found 
i don't have the lucky to take underwater photo or video as shown on net. 
i brought it to snorkeling, tide it up and wrap it on my hand, confirm 
all the caps were locked then went into the sea, several minutes later the screen 
was off but long pressing the shot button could not wake it up, i went 
up to check and confirm it worked then back to water again, still the same. 
so i went up to boat again and turn it off, left it there. totally 
my zr was in water no more than 15 minutes. when i finished snorkeling and 
came back to boat, i found the start up image was distorted, so i immediately 
dismount the battery. later when i return back to hotel and check again, the screen 
show only color lines.what's wrong? on boat i had checked the back cover, no water 
run into the battery cabin, which is protected by an orange rubber circle, the battery 
was safe and now i can still mount it to and power on the phone. 
the fatal issue was seen when i put it under light, under the screen, there 
was one long water mark run from one corner to the opposite one, but the 
phone itself looks okay, no marks, no dent around the screen.another thing i want to 
mention is, i once read zr is strengthen to make it last longer in swimming 
pool and sea water, but my zr's back cover now looks very bad, thought i 
didn't wash it after that day, i never expect it would like that.here i try 
to give a reason: i suspect the data that zr can stay under 1.5 meter 
depth water for 30 minutes, was a test result in static water, while snorkeling, i 
wont dive into the water or else wather will run into my mouth, and my 
hand cannot be 1.5 meter long that would be too odd. but the water still 
can run into the screen because when i stroke the water, my handphone also moved, 
so there was some pressure on the side that push the water, while on the 
other side the pressure was less, the pressure difference might be big enough to drive 
water run into the first side till the other end. so my conclusion is, these 
so called waterproof hand phones are not so practical for underwater photo, you better not 
move fast, or you better put it in a watertight bag but that would make 
your choice of such device meaningless. BUT, for everyday use, the feature is still good, 
at least you can happily wash it from time to time.another negative point for this 
device is: i can't find a hole to put though a hand ring then hold 
it. i think it also reflect that Sony doesn't expect you will swim when you 
hold it in water, or else most likely you would lost it soon.my last unhappiness 
is: they didn't release it in SG, so don't know where to replace the screen 
even i would like to pay. 