 Motorola Motorola Droid X Verizon Android Smart Phone
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Motorola+Motorola+Droid+X+Verizon+Android+Smart+Phon
0.6474146246910095
I needed a phone. I looked at their star rating and it was very good. 
Many many reviews on this company so I felt confident going in. I made the 
purchase on October 20th 2013 for a droid Verizon cell phone. I was fully aware 
that this was a refurbished phone. It came in a timely manner and looked great. 
I went into the Verizon store to get it all hooked up and was informed 
that it was broken. Apparently there is a little red dot indicator in the battery 
compartment when the phone has had liquid damage. This phone, in Verizon's words had been 
damaged by liquid. This should have been something observed by those refurbishing the telephone.Well, things 
happen I guess and I emailed the company. They are good at getting back to 
you via email. They sent me a label and I took that phone to the 
post office to return and lo and behold it wasn't a prepaid label, so I 
had to pay to send them back a broken phone and get insurance on it. 
I told them this via email and they said to send them the bill. WHAT? 
Why didn't they just give me a prepaid label to begin with????I received a replacement 
phone. Off to Verizon I went. The same guy helped me. He started the process 
and the phone came back as registered LOST OR STOLEN. WTF? Now isn't this the 
first thing a company should be looking for when refurbishing a phone?So I am pretty 
mad at this point, but for some ridiculous reason I gave them a third chance 
to make this right. They send it out and give me a tracking number. No 
phone. I check the tracking number and it says it was delivered. I am so 
mad I almost cry at this point. I go to the post office a total 
of three times. My gas. My time. Finally filling out a PS 10 (or something 
like that) which means, the phone has simply been lost or stolen in the mail. 
So now I guess I just want to cancel this whole stupid thing and get 
my money back. I have no phone and no money and I am pissed. The 
company now is not very sympathetic and has not apologized for this whole thing. So 
now, at the end of December (remember this started in October!), they give me a 
refund less $15 for a restocking fee. Now I am blowing my top. I had 
no idea they had to restock broken and stolen items (lost or stolen items) I 
called Amazon twice and they emailed the company on my behalf. They (Amazon) sent a 
letter that stated their standard "$15 restocking fee" . I told them I had every 
intention of filing an A-Z claim and that this company is downright awful, here are 
the reasons and I will not sit for them stealing $15 from me. Amazon, itself, 
reviewed everything and gave me the $15 as a good will gesture. This was a 
very stand up thing Amazon did, but Pacific Cellular did take the $15 from me.This 
was the worst experience I have ever had in online retail. I would never recommend 
this company. Not even to my worst enemy. 