Samsung Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A GSM Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, Black
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Samsung+Samsung+Galaxy+S5+SM-G900A+GSM+Unlocked+Cellphone,+16GB,+Blac
0.949867844581604
So far, so good. I hesitate to give five stars, simply because I've only had 
this phone for a week. My primary concern with this kind of purchase, as is 
demonstrated in some reviews with such products, is whether this previous generation of smartphone is 
truly new and authentic. Once the newest and hottest smartphone version hits the market, any 
remaining new stock of the previous version is discontinued or swiped up fast (particularly if 
the previous version is better than the newest). As anyone who has been looking for 
these models can attest, a lot of the options are refurbished, open-box, unlocked, or most 
importantly claimed as new but not really. Then you have the issue with whether the 
model is "international", GSM or something else that might prevent it from doing what the 
buyer wants it to do.So, I'm happy that I found this at a reasonable price 
and from a seller that I was able to research and develop some confidence in. 
I was also able to rely on the Amazon return policy in case things didn't 
work out. BlutekUSA is the seller, in my case, and I have been quite happy 
with the result. I believe the phone is indeed new, and perhaps even factory-unlocked versus 
the seller doing it. And it is the real deal, with all the standard, original 
accessories included.The phone itself works quite well, compared to my Galaxy S3. I have T-Mobile, 
and this is an AT&T unlocked phone (that's what the "A" means, in the G900A 
model), but I was able to simply take my SIM out of my old phone 
and insert it into the new phone, do some manual setting of the 4G ling 
so that I could highlight and pick T-Mobile (more networks, mobile networks, APN setting to 
T-Mobile), and everything works fine. The performance is improved. The battery is stronger, longer lasting 
and recharges much faster than the Galaxy S3. It was already updated to Android 5.0 
Lollipop, and while not a rooted device, I'm satisfied with the operation. 