BLU BLU Studio 5.0 HD Unlocked Cellphone, White
2
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+5.0+HD+Unlocked+Cellphone,+Whit
-0.9904671311378479
I really wanted to love this phone, but unfortunately I ended up having to return 
it.I have been a T-Mobile customer for 2 years. I previously had a Samsung Galaxy 
S2, which I also used as a home hotspot and never had a problem getting 
a 4G signal at my house. Right off the bat, except in brief moments, this 
phone stayed on the 2G/Edge network constantly. I contacted T-Mobile support, and they said a) 
this is not a T-Mobile supported device and b) the specs of the phone show 
that its 4G LTE frequencies are 1700/2600, and T-Mobile uses 1700/2100. You have to have 
both frequencies working for the upload and download. Here is the official T-Mobile document explaining 
that: https://support.t-mobile.com/docs/DOC-4988I had seen some mention of T-Mobile updating some of their network and being 
able to get 3G/HSPA+ on the 1900 frequency, but that depends on your area. When 
I asked support why the phone wasn't accessing that, they had no answer. They just 
said that a non-supported device is never going to show anything other than Edge. So 
be aware that if you end up having network issues, you might have problems getting 
any help from T-Mobile.Other notes:It functioned a lot like my Samsung Galaxy S2, which was 
OK for me but might not be OK for people who need something faster. I 
did love the display quality, and I thought the speakers were pretty loud. I noticed 
that the speaker made a popping noise when I got notifications and I didn't even 
have the volume up all the way.The built in FM radio was pretty sweet - 
sounded great on headphones.I did NOT like the Android KitKat platform. I realize this is 
not uniquely a BLU phone issue (it would be the same with any phone running 
KitKat), but it was aggravating to not be able to have my Gmail and Google 
Hangouts messages syncing properly over my Wifi connection at home. I was getting notifications HOURS 
late. Apparently this is just a KitKat bug that is hard to fix (I never 
did find a solution that worked). I didn't see any official announcements of an update 
for this phone. BLU will be updating some other models later in the year, but 
I didn't see any mention of this model. I think there are some folks out 
there who have figured out how to root the phone to install Lollipop, but I 
didn't bother.I also didn't like the quality of the camera. The S2 had an 8MP 
camera and I thought the 13MP would be a major improvement, but the pictures were 
really grainy. The front facing camera was also weird - it seemed to make everything 
elongated and distorted.I noticed several reviews talking about how flimsy the back is and how 
it could be easily broken. In all fairness, it was pretty much the same as 
the Galaxy S2 and some other Samsung phones I have seen, but that is indeed 
pretty thin and you do have to be careful with the snaps. The case that 
came with the phone was a nice extra, but it was by no means something 
that would offer a lot of protection if the phone were dropped.Like many other customers, 
I also had GPS issues. Google Maps showed my location as being about 4 miles 
from my actual location every time I tried to use it.Overall, I was very disappointed. 
I didn't expect this phone to function like a new $600 phone, but none of 
the main selling points (4G LTE, 13MP camera, KitKat OS) worked properly. I had no 
choice but to return it so I could get a phone that actually makes use 
of my calling plan. 