JUNING 6.0" Android 5.1 Phones Unlocked Dual Sim Quad Core GSM Quadband HD Display JUNING Smartphones Black
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=JUNING+6.0"+Android+5.1+Phones+Unlocked+Dual+Sim+Quad+Core+GSM+Quadband+HD+Display+JUNING+Smartphones+Blac
-0.5876629948616028
'JUNING SMARTPHONE C5Color: GoldSize: 6.0"I been wanting to have a new smartphone that has a 
bigger screen size compared to what I have right now, so I feel lucky to 
have this one. It comes with Manual, battery charger/USB, earphone, clear casing that fit so 
right and not bulky at all. Juning Unlocked Smartphone 6.0 C5 exceeded my expectations, the 
phone is well made and looks expensive, and so since I love to take selfie's 
I immediately tried the 'camera front and back, I am impressed! I had low expectations 
having 2.2 MP camera front and back, I thought the camera quality resolution will be 
bad and I'll say I am very wrong. The picture quality is decent clear, it 
takes a good selfies' and 'videos, I super love it, now I can take selfies 
anywhere I go. There's a plus for me using camera selfie of this phone, because 
I don't have to download picture editor or camera360 etc., it comes with it! already 
ready to use, just simple take your selfie, click makeup in the bottom right side 
of the screen then holla, there yah go, you can now beautify yourself without downloading 
any apps, that just saved memory storage.''''''What I like also is for 6" smartphone it 
is very light to carry around, with that said I can now leave my iPad 
at home and just carry my Juning Smartphone C5 6" with me, because of the 
size it is like having 2in1, phone and tablet at the same time which is 
cool. If you have small hand like me' you need to use to hands while 
using it. ^____^Juning Smartphone 6.0" is unlocked phone so you can use GSM/WCDMA SIM card, 
it is not compatible for CDMA SIM card so be aware of that before you 
buy SIM card, it is good for roaming sim card number, I can now use 
sim card to text and call my family back home in PH.The phone is nice 
and clear, looks like HD. Phone storage is 4 GB, up to 16 GB, so 
I slot my memory card for more storage memory. I was thinking buying bigger memory 
card like 16GB so that I don't have to worry of getting low of memory 
specially storing my pictures and apps. 'The phone sound is clear, makes me enjoy listening 
music' '''. In regard of Battery Life, Probably won't last too long if you use 
it constantly with full brightness, as I experienced the phone was full since 7am in 
the morning,I go to work using phone, got home 5:30pm and still have battery life, 
that is without using it too much. It don't really bother me since I have 
one power bank with me all the time in case I need it. And if 
you want to stretch the battery life longer, you can always lower down the brightness 
of the display. I must say if you use too much phone, you may consider 
buying extra battery or power bank to be with you, Juning also have Power bank 
portable external battery charger with smart charger technology for affordable price, check that out.'I am 
using my phone often using Facebook, Instagram, listening music, watching videos and of course taking 
selfies/pictures, sometimes the app crashed which is natural for me, same to my old phone 
and even my iPad crashed too, so that's not a problem. Also, sometimes it seems 
phone freezing or slow down, but not a problem for me anymore, just search Mr. 
Google what to do, how to make android phone faster and boom problem solved. :) 
I don't play games right now because I don't have time for that at this 
moment so I can't rate that part using this phone. Connecting to wifi was fast 
and easy, downloading some apps with no problem.Overall for the price under $100 with 6" 
screen, I can't complain! It's not the best phone out there compared to branded expensive 
smartphone that will cost you $$$$, and with that said without breaking your bank and 
still have nice 6" smartphone.' Juning Unlocked smartphone 6.0" C5 is perfectly right for me, 
I already felt like I am having a iPhone 6s.Also, Juning has a great customer 
service. Thank you Ms Sophie you're one of a kind.Purchased this phone for free except 
for the shipping and handling, this phone was like for testing in return of my 
honest review of this product, i am only writing what i experienced, noticed while using 
this phone.Pictures and video will be uploaded on my next update.'I will update once i 
noticed something different. 