 Sony Xperia Z Ultra C6833 Black (Factory Unlocked) LTE 800/850/900/1700/1800/1900/2100/2600 , 3G 850/1900/1700/900/2100 - International Version No Warranty
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Sony+Xperia+Z+Ultra+C6833+Black
0.9660765528678894
I love this phone, even though it's not the latest gadget, it looks and feels 
like it. Slick, classy and very... sony like. I love it, it's a clean looking 
phone that says "I don't need to be all flashy and crazy like Samsung and 
LG" (I Had an LG G-flex and a Samsung Note 2-3, I like both, but 
this one takes the cake)Obviously the size of it stands out, but it's bold, sharp 
square design is purely unique and original, it doesn't copy or try to emulate it's 
competitors in any way and this is what I love about this phone and I'll 
probably not switch to anything else for a long time. The front and back is 
glass so (If you keep it clean) it's truly stunning when you put it near 
any other portable device.. It's that nice.Now, this is all purely opinion, but when I'm 
out and I'm using my phone, people generally have to stop and ask about it. 
"Whoa, what kind of phone is that??" "Whoa, that's a sony???" Now I'm not bragging 
but this doesn't just look like another smart phone.Now, to the real review.. The size 
of this phone is ridiculous but that's the appeal for me, if you don't like 
big phones, I have no idea why you're looking at this.screen quality: is AMAZING. everything 
is crisp and clear, on par with the note 3 (according to my naked eyes) 
and is far superior to my LG G-flex in terms of screen quality, my pictures 
and videos look amazing, far better than any phone I've ever used. Also, the brightness 
on this phone is insane. It's incredible..Performance: It's good. On paper, it's not as fast 
as the newer phones, like the new galaxy's and LG's etc. But in real-world use, 
it's just as good, it turns on just like the rest, brings up websites, does 
youtube, plays games just as well as all the newer phones but with a LARGE 
and beautiful screen. It has aSpecs: It has a quad core blah blah with 2gb 
of ram and 16gb of built-in storage and a nice little memory card slot where 
my 128gb micro sdxc rests.It has a nice feeling power button on the right side 
of the bezel as well as a volume rocker underneath, it has a magnetic proprietary 
port on the opposite side for docking. (Beware, most aftermarket cases cover it up)Battery life: 
If all I did was set on my phone all day with the brightness maxed 
looking at videos and playing games, it might last 8-10 hours, but with moderate texting, 
facebooking, checking out youtube or listening to music all day, I rarely get to my 
final quarter of battery life 25%, With moderate usage, you'll get a whole days worth 
of performance easily from this phone. which is incredible for a phone with a screen 
this big.Camera: well, here's the only disappointment, THERE'S NO FLASH!?!? Yeah, what were they thinking? 
I'd have paid an extra 50 bucks if it came with a flash.... Moving on, 
the camera image quality is average, nothing bad, nothing great, if you have decent lighting, 
you'll be able to see detail just fine, if you have dim lighting, get ready 
for some noise (Digital noise), The phones camera isn't the best in low light situations 
but it's not bad by any means, I can honestly say I expect a bit 
better though. Sony DOES have a camera division after all.Reception: Reception is good overall, I 
go from the great Nashville Tennessee area and de deliveries all over the state and 
it picks up well with T-Mobile. However, outside developed areas, forget it, you wont be 
surfing the web or anything, but the same goes for any other carrier too for 
the most part. The wifi works great as well.Things I Personally didn't like:The headphone jack 
is placed on the right side of the bezel which is annoying and awkward if 
you want to listen to music with headphones or ear buds with your phone in 
your pocket.The speaker... It's ok, But I had hoped it would have had stereo speakers 
since this is a media oriented phone.The lack of flash is painful since it's been 
a standard for any decent smartphone for the past 8 years now.That's about it. 