HTC HTC 10 Factory Unlocked 32GB GSM Carbon Gray (International Version - No Warranty)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=HTC+HTC+10+Factory+Unlocked+32GB+GSM+Carbon+Gray
-0.974115252494812
DISCLAIMER: I received early access to this unlocked HTC 10 (US version) from our partner 
at Verizon for discounted price. This rating is purely for the phone itself and not 
the product listing for this page nor the seller.My HTC 10 arrived in a familiar 
HTC packaging with the same exhilarating unboxing experience. After sliding off the sleeve and opening 
top cover, I found myself a gorgeous looking 10 in glacier silver color along with 
wall adapter, USB type C to USB A cable, instruction, and warranty booklets. With the 
US version of HTC, you do not get a pair of earbuds found in international 
version, but you get the added benefit of 1 year Uh-Oh protection from HTC.The HTC 
10 is packed with blazing fast Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820, Quad Core, 64bit, up to 2.2GHz. 
My model comes with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. Fresh out of the 
box, I went straight for AnTuTu benchmark. Wow! My HTC 10 surprised me with a 
high score of 137432, which put it in 2nd place just little under the LeEco 
Max 2 with score of 138026. The score surpassed both competitors Galaxy S7 Edge (134599) 
and iPhone 6s (133781). Again, to be fair, this is a score out of the 
box vs average score listed, so it does not directly reflect daily performance.HTC 10 traded 
the 20 mega-pixel camera from M9 for a 12 UltraPixel™ 2 with 1.55'm pixel, and 
it is awesome! The 12 MP UltraPixel camera made a huge improvement with more accurate 
color and much better low light performance. It may not be the best camera when 
comparing to other popular competitors, but it is by far the best HTC camera up 
to date.Having fingerprint reader on touch sensitive home button is a welcoming addition. However, I 
often find myself accidentally touch it when handling phone and especially when playing game or 
holding phone in landscape mode, which will exit out of the app I was currently 
in. Same goes for the other 2 touch-sensitive buttons. Good news though, fingerprint reader is 
fast and responsive.My HTC 10 from Verizon powered on to a a very clean Sense 
UI with a more familiar stock Android feel. Sense UI looks and feels clean without 
any duplicate apps (as seen in M9) and minimal bloatwares, except for all the apps 
from Verizon. You can easily customize and personalize your phone with theme store, where you 
will find a wide range of themes, icons, wallpapers, fonts, and more from HTC and 
other user-submitted contents.HTC has captured an astonishing first-impression from me with their new release of 
10, but before I can give it an in-depth review of every little phone details, 
I need more hands-on time with the device. I will update this review once I 
have full experience with the phone. 