BLU BLU T176T Jenny TV 2.8 Unlocked Quad-Band Dual SIM Phone (Black/Blue)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+T176T+Jenny+TV+2.8+Unlocked+Quad-Band+Dual+SIM+Phone
0.5626844763755798
My "smart" phone was damaged recently so I took it as a sign and an 
opportunity to free myself from its clutches. I have embraced the freedom of just having 
a basic phone. I don't need to check the weather every morning--I can look out 
the window like my ancestors did. I don't need to look at photos that are 
limited to only 3 inches. I don't need apps that more than waste my time. 
I don't need a music player which diverts me from engaging in conversations with real 
people. This phone from Blu--a Florida-based company is very functional. Call quality if fine--great volume, 
although just slightly muffled. There is jack for head phones, contrary to some reviews. the 
FM radio has very good reception and is easy to operate if you so inclined. 
There are many settings for the camera, including white balance! Texting is the old-fashioned way 
and its works great (texting is something I appreciate). The phone powers up from a 
shut down in just 8 seconds, and is ready to use. There are three ring 
tone to choose from and three message alerts as well. The menus are intuitive and 
a little more complicated than you would expect. The larger screen size is very nice 
and the graphics are bright, even if not the most crisp like you would see 
on a smart phone.I ride public transportation to work. Often, every direction I look there 
is a sea of humanity transfixed, seemingly by their gadgets. Many with earphones on and 
many playing games. One writer coined the term that we are "amusing ourselves to death." 
I now think less about checking my emails (can do at home or at work 
computer) and getting sports scores and more about life and what's happening next to me 
and what I need to think about in order to grow as a human being. 
A cell hone is a nice convenience. This phone does the basics very well for 
such a low cost. And, another benefit, I was able to lower my data plan 
with AT&T and saved over 70 dollars a month! Saving money, liberation from time-sucking devise, 
simplicity and better awareness of surrounding life--free at last! 