BLU BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Smartphone - Unlocked - Yellow
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+5.0+C+HD+Smartphone+-+Unlocked+-+Yello
0.8686205148696899
I have owned this for 4 months now and I am happy as a clam. 
Here are some features not mentioned in other reviews. There is a notification light that 
flashes green with notifications and turns Red when charging. The Blu phone updated it self 
the first day I used it. It updated the phone again 3 months later with 
new features. Glad to see Blu keeping their phones up to date. The camera takes 
pretty good pics. One surprise with the camera is that if you hold down the 
shutter button the camera will take about 22 pics in aburst mode. Cool. If you 
are in the Google user base you will find all your contacts, etc will sync 
with this phone. Also have all the apps in the Google play store. Voice commands 
are cool too. Just press the mic button on the home screen and say...set timer 
for 5 minutes, or what is the weather or set calendar appointment...again a nice feature. 
If you get this phone be sure to order the case made by Blu. There 
are 2 availible, a hard shell and softer shell cases that fit. Make sure you 
order the one that has the rear facing camera to the left and not center. 
There are 2 Blu phones that are similar but you need the one for the 
Blu Studio 5.0 C HD D534. The case fits absolutely perfectly. Wifi works great and 
locks on to weak signals if necessary. Another cool feature is a slight vibration when 
keys are pressed. Giving you a feel of definitely making contact with the screen. This 
can be turned off if you don't like taptic feedback. Phone quality is great and 
so is the speaker phone. Now the bad news...the battery needs to be bigger. If 
you carry this around and use it often or have Facebook eating up all those 
check-ins you may find that 8 hours of constant use will drain the battery to 
almost nothing. However, if you are a casual user you should get by on one 
charge. Personally if I am going to watch a movie on this I need to 
be plugged in with a charger. I found additional batteries are available for sale if 
you need more power. Also to clear things up, this phone uses the large sim 
card that was the normal size 4 years ago. No micro or mini sim here.PS: 
I have a pre-paid phone sim that I got years ago form 7-11 store that 
uses the ATT network. Unfortunately, there is not data plan available so all my internet 
is from wi-fi. 