Alcatel ALCATEL OneTouch Idol 3 Global Unlocked 4G LTE Smartphone, 4.7 HD IPS Display, 16GB (GSM - US Warranty)
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Alcatel+ALCATEL+OneTouch+Idol+3+Global+Unlocked+4G+LTE+Smartphone,+4.7+HD+IPS+Display,+16GB
-0.8125919103622437
Have only owned it for about a week. Battery saver is excellent for me but 
if you're walking around with the phone in your pocket, it will detect motion and 
may not sleep as you might expect. Mine sits on a table much of the 
day and so it sleeps soundly. :-) Speakers are nice JBL but bass response is 
still lacking which is inherent in the extremely thin design of this phone. You may 
need to install an equalizer to reduce mid and high frequencies for a richer sound. 
I would have given 5 stars except that there is a small "sweet spot" when 
listening on a phone call. If the phone is not placed just so on the 
ear, the volume is reduced significantly. I think it just takes some practice. The dual 
speakers and dual microphones work beautifully for quickly answering phone upside down if necessary. FM 
radio will not run unless earphones are plugged in as they act as an antenna. 
Display is perfect for me. Some built in wallpapers look pixelated but they're probably just 
crappy samples. As you'll see with Android 5, you cannot have a different wallpaper on 
your lock screen. So much for using it as a quick flashlight like I did 
with my old phone.Android 5 does come with a flashlight hidden in the SECOND pull-down 
notification menu with the Bluetooth and WiFi buttons. The flashlight is not an "app". Note: 
WiFi does NOT turn on using the "WiFi Display" app. You must use either the 
settings menu or the second pull down menu to do that. This phone has an 
auto-dimming screen which also automatically brightens to max when in sunlight. VERY nice feature but 
you may find that a nearby light source in a dark room could fool the 
sensor and make it dimmer than you want it. Just adjust the angle of the 
screen so that the sensor detects the light and the screen will brighten accordingly. You 
can also turn this feature off.This is not a "department store" brand. They are sold 
at T-Mobile stores and I was told by a clerk that the Idol 3 is 
really nice and they don't have it to sell because they were sent a lesser 
version by corporate.Almost forgot to mention the most important thing; This phone is an upgrade 
from my 3 year old Samsung which was loading pages agonizingly slow. This Alcatel with 
Android 5 and LTE loads pages almost instantly! AND this phone is eligible for the 
Android 6 Marshmallow upgrade as soon as it is available. No luck yet trying to 
upgrade but I love it! Marshmallow will allow you to override permissions for each app. 
Other than that, not much change.If you sign up for an Amazon Signature card like 
I did, you can get an extra $50. off this phone. BEWARE: Amazon automatically changes 
your default payment method to the new card! If you don't want that, go to 
your settings and change it back to your old card. Also, the phone must be 
purchased with the Amazon card to get the discount. So remember to pay off the 
card right away if you don't want interest charged. You have 21 days grace period. 
I've had this card before. Keep an eye on your default payment before you check 
out because it was changed on me once before without my knowledge before making a 
purchase. One-click ordering is what caused it to happen to me as it does not 
give you an opportunity to see your default payment method. 