ZTE ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=ZTE+ZTE+Axon+7+Unlocked+Smartphone,64GB+Ion+Gold
0.9378899931907654
Coming from a Samsung Galaxy S7 edge I was worried that this phone would not 
be as solid all around, especially for the price. WOW was I mistaken. This device 
far exceeded all of my expectations. It is lightning fast, honestly even faster than the 
GS7 edge (probably due to the lack of Touchwiz). While I liked the preinstalled "Stock" 
theme, I went with the Google Now launcher right away and it is even more 
of a stock feel. The software seems fine so I am not really sure what 
people are talking about with it not being as clean as something like the One 
Plus 3.In regards to the main features to consider, here they are:1) o_o um... Speakers 
from Heaven? lol. The sound quality on this phone is completely unmatched. Seriously. I was 
blown away. Music is crisp and clear, movies sound incredible, YouTube is awesome, etc. All 
in all, if there is one reason to get this phone, it is because of 
the crazy sound system. With headphones it sounds like a professional audio experience. Absolutely fantastic.2) 
Build quality - Rock solid. No issues, easy to hold, etc. I will say, coming 
from the GS7 edge it feels a slight bit wider in the hand (due to 
the lack of the dual edge display), however nowhere near as difficult to hold as 
the iPhone 6s Plus.3) Battery life and 3.0 QuickCharge - Awesome battery life, gets through 
a full day, about 4-5 hours of screen on time. Charges INSANELY fast. I had 
to buy all QuickCharge 3.0 accessories for other rooms in the house and the car 
since I got super spoiled with the one that came with it, lol. Charges MUCH 
faster than the GS7 edge, even with the fast adaptive charger.4) Screen - Gorgeous, zero 
issues. If I had ONE complaint about screen related stuff, I would say that the 
ambient light sensor sucks in comparison to the GS7 edge. It works, but even in 
a totally dim room it still is pretty bright. All in all, the GS7 edge 
ambient sensor is way better, but this one still works - just a bit too 
bright lol5) Camera - So far, no problems. I REALLY MISS the front facing screen 
flash (like the iPhone Retina Flash) on the selfie camera the GS7 edge had. I 
would have loved to have seen this on this phone. There are some apps that 
claim to do this, but they seem to be iffy if they work. It's usually 
a hardware thing, so not sure either way. I do miss the selfie flash though. 
Most of the pics I take are in good lighting so I have had no 
issues so far.Now some things I don't completely love:1) Notifications - On my GS7 edge 
notifications all worked fine. Some apps, though, I am not getting notifications for unless I 
open the app. Didn't have this issue on the GS7 edge soooo yeah - weird 
software quirk.2) Signal Strength indoors - LTE signal strength not quite as good as the 
GS7 edge. I had to get T-Mobile signal boosters and that resolved the issue. Still, 
the LTE radio on the phone is definitely not as strong as the GS7 edge. 
Wi-Fi is totally fine as is bluetooth.3) VOLTE = YES : Wi-Fi Calling = NO 
:-(. While it does have HD Voice, it does not have Wi-Fi calling. If that's 
important to you, definitely something to consider.Other than that, it works perfectly! :-) 