Motorola Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - White - 64GB - U.S. Warranty
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Motorola+Moto+G+Plus
0.612099289894104
I went back and forth in my decision to buy this slightly more expensive version, 
or go with the regular Moto G. This won out, since the spec's were better 
(more RAM, memory, better mp camera, fingerprint sensor). I chose the $50 gift card bundle, 
and after checkout the phone itself totaled $249 (+ tax which was about $13). The 
gift card arrived the next day, allowing me to buy accessories for my phone!First of 
all, I've been a long time Tracfone user, and have only used TF certified phones 
in the past.Since TF now has a BYOP (Bring Your Own Phone) plan, it made 
more sense to buy an unlocked phone with up-to-date technology (and no restriction on updating 
Android).Setup was relatively easy. I purchased the BYOP SIM kit from Walmart, and used the 
CDMA 4G network card (the mini sim). I decided not to port my old TF 
phone number, so setup (via my account on Tracfone) was lightning fast. Within a couple 
of minutes, my phone number, and minutes were ported to my phone. (I'm happy to 
say that the regular Tracfone minutes cards WILL triple. However, I don't believe the "Smartphone" 
designated cards will.) My phone screen shows that I'm on the Verizon 4G network. In 
order to access my minutes/text/data balance, I had to d/l the Tracfone app. for that 
(through Google Play).For whatever reason I was unable to get a proper wireless signal from 
my current router (I've never used the wireless, only the wired Ethernet portion, so I'm 
not exactly sure sure if it's just a problem with my router configuration or what. 
I may have to contact my provider about it.)As a work around I purchased the 
"Plugable USB OTG Micro-B Ethernet Adaptor" (via Amazon). It came today, and it immediately worked 
upon connection.The only odd thing was after downloading 2 Google Play App's, the app's themselves 
needed further downloading upon opening (basically they're shell programs, with customizable options upon startup), and 
it didn't recognize that I had internet due to my data and wireless being turned 
off, so I guess I will have to finish upgrading the app. when I get 
to a wireless signal, or buy more data minutes).The camera is a huge plus for 
me, as my regular Canon digital has the same mp as this internal camera (16). 
I've already taken a bunch of pictures with it, and I can say that it's 
slightly better than my Canon in some respects.We had a storm yesterday, and I was 
able to capture a lightning strike! The video also looks good. My favorite thing so 
far is the "Panorama", something my Canon doesn't have.As my previous phone camera's haven't had 
half as good of resolution, or the additional features, I can definitely say this is 
the best cellphone camera I've ever had!I'm hard of hearing in both ears, but the 
volume sounds very adequate for the ringtones, the radio, and a downloaded video. I haven't 
actually made a call yet, so I can't comment on that yet.The screen resolution is 
beautiful, and crisp! I have d/l'd additional wallpapers because the provided ones were few.In order 
to connect the phone as a recognizable media device to your computer, you MUST go 
to the top, and pull down the tab, and change it from "charging" to what 
you want to use it for. Otherwise just plugging it in via usb to your 
computer will NOT automatically show your files. It took me a while to figure this 
out, but I found the answer on an online forum, and thought I'd pass on 
this important info!After doing this I was able to transfer the "wallpaper", and additional ringtones 
to my phone.FYI, for ringtones, you must add the mp3 file directly to your ringtones 
folder, otherwise there's no option on the file itself to make it a ringtone.For now, 
this is all I can think of. So far I'm very pleased with this phone! 
And recommend it to Tracfone users looking for a compatible unlocked phone!_______As of Aug 8, 
2016 I decided to drop my phone down a star because I just learned I 
have 3 security vulnerabilities on my phone.After reading this article: bbc.com/news/technology-37005226 And downloading the app 
"QuadRooter" on GooglePlay checkpoint.com/resources/quadrooter-vulnerability-consumer/ (despite my phone not being one of those listed), it showed 
that I had the following vulnerablities:CVE-2016-2504CVE-2016-2503CVE-2016-5340For security purposes I had already d/l'd an Antivirus, and 
Firewall.The fact that the vulnerabilities were discovered between "Feb. and April", long before the phone 
was launched in July, makes me wonder why Motorola/Lenovo went ahead and use a defective 
chip? At the very least install the patches for these vulnerabilities?The article states: "In response, 
Qualcomm is believed to have created patches for the bugs and started to use the 
fixed versions in its factories. It has also distributed the patches to phone makers and 
operators. However, it is not clear how many of those companies have issued updates to 
customers' phones."I have since checked the forums, and while it appears they are aware of 
the problem, no patches have been released by them! How long is it going to 
take for them to release the patch that they've already supposedly been given by Qualcomm?!If 
you want to browse the forums go here: forums.lenovo.com/t5/Moto-G4-Moto-G4-Plus/bd-p/MotoG4thGen 