Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note I717 16GB 4G LTE GSM Android Phone - Carbon Blue (AT&T version)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Samsung+Samsung+Galaxy+Note+I717+16GB+4G+LTE+GSM+Android+Phone+-+Carbon+Blue
0.7819802165031433
Phone got here quickly, in good shape and was new. I purchased it from Top 
10 cells and, as promised, it was carrier unlocked. I am a T-mobile user and 
had written down all the apn information expecting to have to set up data access, 
voice mail and so forth, but nope, as soon as I inserted the SIM it 
realized it was T-mobile and automatically set those functions up. I also used Samsung's Kies 
program to quickly update the included Android version from ICS to Jellybean (which it did 
with no problems). Since I'm using a T-Mobile Sim, I won't be getting 4g speeds 
but if I'm in an area where T-Mobile has refarmed their 3G to the 1900 
band (some larger cities) you will still get some pretty awesome speeds. Since this is 
an ATT phone I was absolutely amazed at the amount of bloatware that carriers place 
on their phones (I have always used non-carrier unlocked phones in the past). This includes 
stuff like ATT Navigation (an app with a monthly charge that does not work as 
well as the free Google Maps included in Android). Because of the amount of bloat 
apps which can not be uninstalled in a non-rooted phone I rooted the phone, which 
was simple to do by following directions on the web. The easiest way is probably 
to search YouTube for a video explanation on how to root this model. After rooting 
the phone I uninstalled all the unneeded apps which increased the smoothness and speed of 
the phone.This phone now has 90 percent of the functionality of the new Note 3 
at a fraction of the cost. It is still a large phone with a beautiful 
screen that works really well. Remember, this phone first came out towards the end of 
2011, so there is a bit of lag compared to the newest powerhouses, but you 
still get the stylus, can run any Android app, and have a very clear, bright 
screen. Although this is a large phone you don't feel or look too funny using 
it to place or take calls, and the size makes video viewing and web browsing 
great compared to using a phone with a 3.5-4.5" screen. If you're willing to invest 
an hour or two in rooting (make sure the phone works first since rooting will 
probably void your warranty) and de-bloating this phone is a fantastic value. 