Nokia Nokia 220 RM-971 Unlocked Cell Phone with 2MP Camera (White)
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Nokia+Nokia+220+RM-971+Unlocked+Cell+Phone+with+2MP+Camera
-0.9861233234405518
I wanted a cheap a nonsmart phone, and this phone works. It is very basic, 
which is why it's cheap, but it is missing some stuff I would have assumed 
even a basic phone would have. First, the bluetooth doesn't work with headsets or your 
car, it is only for transferring files with Nokia's "Slam" thing. It also doesn't have 
any sort of memo/note pad/reminder thing (you can take audio memos, but who wants to 
do that?), you can just text yourself reminders. There is 0 customization, can't delete, or 
move icons. The audio player doesn't have any concept of albums, or even folders, every 
song is in one giant list. This isn't too bad for me since I just 
keep it on random, which works well. The internal memory is super small, although I 
haven't used it enough to hit that. Even with a 32 GB SD card, you 
have to keep your messages on the phone, and they will fill it up quickly.The 
call quality is good enough, and the battery lasts about a week with light use 
(a few short calls and texts, and maybe 30 mins of music listening a day). 
I am using Ting in the US, they use T-Mobile's network. So it works fine 
with them.Some other random notes: The charger that comes with it has the wire attached 
to the plug, it's not just a AC to USB adapter and then a USB 
cable. The paper manual was in spanish, but the english version is online. The FCC 
ID is: QTLRM-971, if you want to check that out. It is, in fact, GSM 
850/1900, even though all the stats I could find about this phone online said it 
was GSM 900/1800. It doesn't vibrate when plugged in, keep that in mind if you 
try to test it when you first get it. The case is totally smooth, I 
could see dropping it very easily, although I would expect it to survive.I will probably 
get a Nokia 301 from eBay, which is about twice as much, but fixes the 
problems I listed above. I'm still giving 4 stars to this phone, since it was 
so cheap, and does work fine as a phone.One last note, there are some comments 
saying they get a Chinese knock off. You have to check the rating of your 
seller, Amazon combines sellers for the same product on this page, so you never know 
who you are buying from unless you go up to the top of the page 
and check them out (and keep in mind it'll change often as the cheapest seller 
changes). For what is worth mine was legit. Other customers have posted pictures of both 
the legit and fake boxes. 