Sony Ericsson Sony Ericsson Xperia Play R800i Unlocked Phone and Gaming Device with Android OS and Slide-Out Gamepad
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Sony+Ericsson+Sony+Ericsson+Xperia+Play+R800i+Unlocked+Phone+and+Gaming+Device+with+Android+OS+and+Slide-Out+Gamepa
-0.9897312521934509
IMPORTANT: This device is NOT compatible with 3G on AT&T nor T-Mobile in United States. 
The spec of the R800"i" version only support the HSDPA 900 / 2100 bands, which 
neither AT&T nor T-Mobile in the US support. You will only get 2G speed. The 
R800"at" AT&T version use the 850 / 1900 / 2100 bands. The great thing about 
this is T-Mobile is beginning to enable support for 1900/2100 in various area, so if 
you manged to get an unlocked version of the R800at you can get 3G on 
T-Mobile if you happen to live in one of those 1900Mhz supported location.I have owned 
devices like the Galaxy S3 and Galaxy Nexus, I sold them and goes back to 
the Xperia Play because for someone who love classic console gaming there is no better 
choice as a phone. Bluetooth gamepads just doesn't do it for me because they're not 
really portable and can take time to setup.GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS DEVICE:-THE GAMEPAD: I won't 
have to explain this.-DURABILITY: It's quite durable and can easily withstand 'reasonable drops'. I have 
less concern about accidentally dropping this device than dropping highend devices with Gorilla Glass.-SOUND QUALITY: 
Audiophiles might realize that there are not a lot of Android phones with great sound 
quality. The headphone output quality is very good and to my ears comparable to the 
original Galaxy S which is another Android device with great sound.-aGPS and GLONASS support: This 
allow it to get reasonably fast location fix and stay fixed. Its not the most 
accurate, but for a being an older device its very acceptable and probably better than 
many other devices that only have aGPS.-CAMERA: For being a 5MP camera with LED flash 
it can take decent photos. It's about 90% as detailed as the Galaxy Nexus 5MP 
camera, but is better with low light situation. It can record videos at 720p with 
continuous autofocus. However, there is a big flaw with the camera microphone's volume being extremely 
quiet.The CONS:-Performance: Even at the time of release, this device have a hopelessly underpowered CPU 
and GPU combination and only ~400mb of usable RAM. It might not play some newer 
graphic intensive 3D games, however it does support many games. "Classic gaming" is where its 
at for this device.-Low brightness: The LCD display have accurate color, but is not very 
bright so can be hard to see under sunlight.-Will eventually get dirt underneath the screen 
because it's not properly sealed, unless you're a very clean and careful person.-Camera's microphone: As 
mentioned, the camera microphone's volume is extremely low, so recorded videos will be very quiet.-Small 
gamepad: Not a real con, but the gamepad of this device is a bit small 
so people with large hands might get cramps. I found the "touchpad joysticks" difficult to 
use.OVERALL: Even if you don't intend to use this as a phone, it makes a 
very good portable music and gaming device, especially if you are a fan of classic 
consoles. It take decent photos and have good GPS signal.Note: I killed this device by 
installing a "wet-applied screen protector", which caused the phone to short out, the digitizer stopped 
working and other components messing up. So I recommend to be careful with water/moisture and 
don't use wet screen protectors with this.Also read my comment on this review for more 
tips. 