BlackBerry PRIV by BlackBerry Factory Unlocked Smartphone - Black (U.S. Warranty)
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BlackBerry+PRIV+by+BlackBerry+Factory+Unlocked+Smartphone+-+Black
0.8116329312324524
I think it was delivered via a Sherpa and Pack mule (took 11 days) but 
not upset with seller I just did standard delivery. Just used to 2-3 days with 
Prime. Anyway, I really like the phone. It is an adjustment at first from my 
Galaxy 6+ curve. Do note as many have reported this is the AT&T phone. I 
am an AT&T customer so for me really didnt matter and works fine. Could do 
without the AT&T bloatware. But had I gone to AT&T and got a new phone 
would have been the same.Anyway, really like the phone. I like the keyboard already like 
it better than my touch screen. Also as soon as I checked it started downloading 
the new version of Android (Again I am an AT&T customer with an AT&T sim 
card).I will confirm the phone does get pretty hot when grinding away at stuff. I 
put a case on it so hopefully it wont be a problem overheating.Anyway first impressions 
I love it.Update - Spent most of the day with it now and I like 
it more and more. It got hot because I was burning up the wifi downloading 
apps, getting everything setup. Once it settled into a normal use I did not notice 
it at all.I cracked my S6 curve+ and decided to go with this. The Samsung 
version of Android is a bit slicker, and i miss some of the neat features 
of it like the ability to mute/vibrate/sound in one click (not having to use volume 
button) and the setup menu is a bit easier. The texting app is a little 
cleaner looking. BB did do much to Android and that is cool.Anyway, I really like 
the phone. I found I am using the keyboard more and more and just love 
the fact you can use it to scroll, select predictive words etc.A keeper for sure. 
Wife wants one nowUpdate - 9.6.16So I used this phone for a couple of months 
and i have decided to return to my cracked Samsung 6 Curve. I found the 
keyboard was a little more difficult to type on than I anticipated. So I ended 
up never using it. Also the reports about it getting hot are true. I ride 
a Harley Davidson and listen to music. I found outside in the Texas heat streaming 
music caused the phone to often overheat. Sure you could say phones are designed for 
that but to be honest my last three phones did the same without issue.The crux 
of my issue is the Android interface. The phone itself is fine. But the android 
build is just missing a lot of little things the Samsung has. Its little things 
like the contacts app. There are no letters to the right where you can quickly 
jump to the "Y" names for example. Yes I am aware I can get a 
different app for that but why. Also the phone function. My samsung stores numbers previously 
dialed. I do a lot of conference calls it was nice typng a few numbers 
and previous ones come up I can simply tap. This doesnt do that.Samsungs build is 
just considerably more feature rich besides those minor things from the gallery app, the texting 
app etc.I could go on.In short his is a good phone I do like it, 
but missed some minor but several key features from the samsung build. The keyboard I 
never use which was a big selling feature. If you are good with the build 
of Android by all means I recommend. But for me it felt like a step 
back in features on the android build itself. I was hoping the latest update would 
fix a ton of minor irritants and it simply didnt.Just my 2 cents 