BLU BLU Studio C 5+5 Smartphone with Lollipop OS- US GSM Unlocked - Black
3
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+C+5+5+Smartphone+with+Lollipop+OS-+US+GSM+Unlocked+-+Blac
-0.958817183971405
I bought two of these phones because I wanted to surprise my friends, who were 
going away on a trip and both of them needed new phones. I looked at 
many different smart phones on here, specifically with 4G LTE, which in itself narrows the 
selection. This phone stood out to me. The price seemed ok, the specs sounded fine 
and the reviews were encouraging. So I bought two. I was excited about getting them, 
and giving them away but the joy of the surprise didn't last very long. Both 
phones have inaccurate sensors. If I tap a letter in the top row, it gives 
me language selection. I need four, sometimes five attempts to open an app because it 
doesn't respond to lighter touch. It becomes extremely annoying when you type a message and 
it frequently inserts a suggestion, just because you typed the letter slightly upward. Even for 
a budget phone like this one, I expected better adjustment. I also couldn't, like in 
my own phone, (which was the same price but seems a much better quality) calibrate 
the sensor to have a more accurate typing experience. There was no way to fix 
this.As I gave the two phones away, the frustration was high as I felt I 
had made a bad choice. I am returning at least one of them and have 
already ordered a phone of which I know that it works.There is some good about 
these phones however. The wifi is relatively fast and the phone itself is fast in 
opening apps for example. The screen is very clear and almost looks like a retina 
screen, very high quality. The colors are vibrant. This phone comes with a screen protector 
and a slim silicone case. All of that is absolutely great and I like that 
the sellers do sell a product with thought behind it. But all the good doesn't 
help if the one thing that makes a phone useable, being able to type or 
press on a symbol is not working well. 