BLU BLU Energy X Plus Smartphone - With 4000 mAh Super Battery- US GSM Unlocked - Silver
2
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Energy+X+Plus+Smartphone+-+With+4000+mAh+Super+Battery-+US+GSM+Unlocked+-+Silve
-0.74439936876297
I have something of a love-hate relationship with this phone with more and more leanings 
toward hate as time passes. The big screen is nice and is the best point 
of the phone. They say it has a bigger battery but most of the reviews 
on here seem really exaggerated based on my experience. I still have to charge it 
every night so don't expect any of that three-day stuff that many others report. I'm 
not an intensive user, either. My guess is the bigger screen pretty much requires a 
bigger battery since it sucks down more power. I turn off auto-brightness which possibly helps 
others get more life but I've always found auto-brightness to be miserable on most phones. 
They just never look bright enough for me.Now for the actual bad points. The thing 
randomly reboots. I turn it on in the morning while I'm getting ready for work. 
Often about 30 minutes later, which just sitting in my car doing nothing, it reboots. 
Then I get to work and sit it on my desk. A while later, I 
see it reboot again for no reason. It'll just be sitting there, not being used, 
and reboot.The worst though is its internet connection issues. My wife and I both have 
the exact same phone but in different colors. Over and over, we'll be out somewhere 
and one will try to look up something online (often Amazon reviews for things we 
see in a store). Standing side-by-side, one of us can get an internet connection and 
the other can't. It's totally random as to which one can connect. Usually one tries 
and fails. Then the other tries and is successful. Last night we were sitting in 
the car and trying to look up a local restaurant. Her phone couldn't get internet 
but mine could. As for internet speed, it might be 4G but I really can't 
tell it's the least bit faster than my old 3G phone (which was on Verizon 
towers rather than ATT).Another very annoying thing is the proximity sensor that is supposed to 
turn off the screen when you put the phone to your ear for a phone 
call. It often doesn't. That might sound like a minor thing but your ear will 
tap whatever is on screen which is often the hang-up button. Then there are times 
I call and the other person never hears me at all. They end up hanging 
up because its like my phone is muted (perhaps my ear is hitting a mute 
button?). You ear will also pull down the quick-settings menu and turn off WiFi and 
BlueTooth, etc.In the models we received, there's apparently an OTA bug, also. Have the phone 
check for ROM updates and it'll tell you one is available. When you try to 
download it, the phone will report your system is damaged and it can't get the 
update. Search the web and you'll find that it's a programming bug in the Blu 
phones rather than actual system damage.The cameras aren't great. They're okay but nothing to brag 
about. They can be very flaky about focusing. You're supposed to be able to tap 
a spot and the camera will focus on it. Sometimes it works and sometimes it 
doesn't. Sometimes it won't focus close-up at all and sometimes it will. It is nice 
have a flash for the selfie but it can washout at times. Photos have a 
bit of an odd "texture" to them if you zoom in all the way when 
viewing. I'd guess it's a weird filtering effect to try to disguise pixelization or something. 
Not a great low-light camera for sure.The volume buttons are a bit weird. If you 
hit the "up" too many times too fast it will show the volume increase and 
then reverse itself like it's confused. If you just press and hold one of them, 
all works as expected. It's when you just want to click it four or five 
times fast that it goes crazy. No biggie. Just click a bit slower.The included launcher 
is the worst I've ever had. Every Android I've seen before has one central folder 
that shows all of your apps. You can click and hold any of them and 
drop them on your home screen. This launcher doesn't have such a folder. All the 
apps are already on your screen. Just go on the Play store and grab the 
Google Now launcher (or something else) and you'll be happier.The phone itself is very attractive. 
I was more impressed than I expected. My wife has gold and mine is silver. 
I prefer the silver but both are attractive. From the photo, I expected the front 
(at top and bottom) to be shiny silver like chrome. Wrong. Those areas are white, 
but it's very pretty. Just the back and sides are silver. On the gold model, 
the front is gold.There are three physical buttons. Power, volume-up and volume-down. There's no physical 
home button.The included earbuds should be immediately tossed in the trash. I couldn't get the 
screen protector on and ended up trashing it, too. The included case is nice for 
a "freebie" and offers a bit of protection but don't expect wonders. It mostly going 
to keep the back of the phone from getting scratched up in your pocket.The SD 
and SIM slots are on the side and there's a little tool that is about 
the size of a pin or paper clip that you use to pop them out. 
You've seen this type before. A small hole that you push a paper clip in 
to pop open. This phone includes a little tool for the job which is nice.I 
have a 64GB SD card in mine. At first the phone wouldn't recognize it. I 
found a formatting program for my laptop. After I reformatted the card in the proper 
format on my laptop, the phone was happy. Unlike my old phone, the Blu has 
never forgotten the card is installed. My old one would tend for forget and I'd 
have to go to Settings and remount it. The Blu is good, though. I tried 
a 128GB card with no luck.The LED near the top right is nice. It can 
glow red, blue or green. I know red is when it's charging. It turns green 
which fully charged. It also goes green for notifications such as texts. At the moment 
mine is blue but I don't recall what that means. It's some special notification that 
I don't see nearly as often as the green. You have no control over the 
LED. My old phone would let you set it to various colors for each person 
in your contact list, which was very nice. So, if it was purple, you'd know 
it was your wife, etc. The Blu doesn't offer this ability but most phones don't. 
I'm just glad it has an LED because some don't. It's not over-powering and annoying.Does 
it have Gorilla glass? Well, I found one website that claimed it did. Blu makes 
no such claim that I can find so I'm pretty sure it doesn't.The included charger 
is fairly small. Not one of those over-sized things that gets in the way of 
everything else. I initially tried using a longer cable than what was included and it 
would only charge to about 95%. I went back to the original cable and it 
charges to 100% as expected. The cable is a bit on the short side, though. 
I just need to find one that's a bit longer that is heavy duty enough.A 
feature I didn't find immediately was how to get to the quick settings. At the 
top of the screen, swipe down. Then repeat and swipe down again. That will bring 
up all the important quick tools such as a flashlight, turning blue tooth on/off, turning 
wifi on/off, etc. It's very nice having the flashlight easily accessible.Would I buy again? With 
every passing day the answer becomes more and more "no." The big screen is really 
all it has going for it. I really don't see anything great about the battery. 
The proximity sensor is pure junk and leaves the screen on during phone calls. Our 
family has four of this model and they all have that same problem. The data 
connection is extremely flaky and I'm usually surprised when it actually works. There's no 4G 
speed to it that I can tell. Seems identical to my old 3G phone.UPDATE: I 
complained to Blu about the various issues and was told how to do a reset, 
which I did. It has helped some with the proximity sensor but still not perfect. 
I haven't used the data connection much since the reset so can't judge that yet. 
So far, the data does seem better based on just a couple of uses. I 
told Blu I doubted a reset was the answer since all four of our family's 
model of this phone have the same issues. They didn't bother to reply. I even 
inquired about a ROM update which I know is available but they ignored me. Knowing 
my family owns four of this phone and all are having the same issues, I'd 
have expected something more than a stock reply of "reset." 