Sony Sony Xperia ZR C5502 Unlocked Phone--U.S. Warranty (Pink)
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Sony+Sony+Xperia+ZR+C5502+Unlocked+Phone--U.S.+Warranty
-0.9098812341690063
Bluetooth and wifi HARDWARE problems out of the box. no fix for it, google it 
before purchasing! (pushing on the back case clips back in the component to make it 
temporarily work)This review is based on a four day experience with the phone on at&t, 
I am a power user so I had plenty of time to get frustrated with 
it.PROS: Great size, sd card slot, camera button, battery life, notification light/bar, water resistant (I 
would never try to claim water proof on an electronic device), great specs.CONS: EXTREMELY washed 
out and over saturated screen, bluetooth and wifi do not work on my particular device 
and is a common problem, 0.3 megapixel front facing camera (should have just excluded it 
as its useless), volume button location should be above power button.I will start out by 
saying I chose this phone because I only use phones that are able to be 
used one handed. This one stretches the capabilities of that over my preferred 4.3" screens 
but the low bezel makes it easier then all the others. I have been waiting 
months for the z1 compact to come stateside and grew impatient and decided to try 
a similar phone to get used to the sony platform.Sony's ui is certainly not sense 
or touchwiz quality but it does provide some beautiful icons and apps but is missing 
alot of features.The screen on this device is horrible, facebook, snapchat, instagram, youtube apps looks 
oddly colored due to this. Very over saturated and washed out. facebook is purple compared 
to the normal blue you would expect to see on any other device. custom roms 
may or may not fix this, I never got the chance to root my device.Rear 
camera takes amazing photos, camera app is odd coming from cm11 and sense but is 
feature rich. I mistakingly never read the specs on the front camera and it turned 
out to be a horrible mistake. Front camera is 0.3 megapixels with no focus. unusable.Battery 
life is amazing! I have never had a phone that could keep up with my 
usage and not need three or four bateries swapped out during theday. This device literally 
lasted all day on a charge and asked for more.I would not recommend this device 
to anyone. There are plenty other devices out there that surpass the specs for this 
big of a screen. Feel free to comment or ask any questions. 