Nokia Nokia 5230 Quad-band GSM Cell Phone - Unlocked
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Nokia+Nokia+5230+Quad-band+GSM+Cell+Phone+-+Unlocke
-0.9979263544082642
Pro:Please refer to [..]for a complete review of Pros of the phone.Con:1. The sensitivity of 
the touch screen is not adequate. Sometimes, you need to put much force on it. 
Moreover the scrolling is not easy. It is common while scrolling, you double click on 
something by mistake.2. The phone is greed to use up the battery's energy. For instance, 
if you only use music player for about 4 hours, then the phone's battery will 
decharged within the next 24 hours during which the phone is actually in stand by 
and everything is off. Besides, the actual standby time of the battery is not 432 
hrs as it is advertised, but about 200 hrs, not more. Considering this issues, what's 
the use of all the functionalities of the phone when you should turn them all 
off to save battery energy.3. The alarm is a devil. You cannot set the alarm's 
volume to the level you desire. I contacted Nokia customer service concerning this issue and 
they suggested that I use a tone with a low voice. Although, this answer does 
not solve the problem in general, I examined that and noticed a bug of the 
phone's firmware. I reduced the amplitude of my favorite tone to 10%. When I set 
the alarm tone to this one, I understand that this is not a simple problem. 
Because, the phone, when starts to alarm, the volume increases from that 10% to as 
much as the phone can make noise. The next time I checked with 2% tone. 
No use. Really silly, because the increasing state of tone has no upper threshold.4. The 
design for SIM card and RAM places are kinda trouble. In the package there is 
nothing help you to bring out the SIM card. And RAM won't come out easily.5. 
No wifi6. The one I bought, has a Chinese RAM. While transferring data to the 
RAM, it sometimes goes crazy and prevent data transferring. It doesn't matter how you this. 
I tried that via both the phone's usb connection and a seperate RAM-reader usb connection. 
Well, I cannot expect more from Chinese products.Overall, if you seek some mobile phone with 
such functionalities offered by this phone, don't waste your money on this. Instead buy some 
more expensive but reliable one. 