Turbosight LLD Tbs3203 Real GPS Tracker Kids Wrist Watch Phone for Children Safe Security SOS Surveillance SMS Position Watch
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Turbosight+LLD+Tbs3203+Real+GPS+Tracker+Kids+Wrist+Watch+Phone+for+Children+Safe+Security+SOS+Surveillance+SMS+Position+Watc
-0.9612510204315186
I ordered this phone on Friday, November 28th, 2014. It was delivered on Monday, December 
1st. It seemed really complicated after reading over everything, but on Tuesday, December 2nd I 
took it to my local AT&T store, since I have service with them. I showed 
it to the guy and he had never seen one and was quite interested in 
what it was supposedly capable of doing. He told me we would give it a 
try but he couldn't guarantee it would work. He took out a micro sim card 
and put it in the phone and punched in the model number of the phone 
into his computer system and to his surprise it came up as a basic texting/calling 
phone. He then activated the phone and we gave it a call from my cell 
phone. It rang and upon answering it the sound came through nice and clear through 
the speaker of the phone, and vice versa. We finished up the deal and I 
walked outside and got into my truck and began studying the other capabilities of the 
phone. Yes, you can dial any phone number, but you can also program the phone 
with 4 speed dial numbers as well. A cool feature of this phone is that 
I can do all the programming via text message after setting up a password on 
my phone. I was really curious as to how the GPS worked. It's very simple, 
just a matter of sending the phone a certain text message, and after about 1 
minute it text back the EXACT location I was at which included a red dot 
on a google map location, with streets and points of interest, and coordinates. Pretty sweet, 
if you ask me! I went home, and even though I had bought it as 
a Christmas present for my 8 year old son, I decided I would go on 
and give it to him since I'm already paying for it anyway.......$20.00 a month added 
to my phone bill for unlimited calling! Well, when my son got off the bus, 
I had it sitting on the table and of course he came straight to it. 
As he held it I called it from my phone and his eyes lit up 
as he answered it! Of course he had to call everyone in our family to 
let them know he had a watch phone. After we finished homework and such, I 
had to drop him off at his baseball coaches house so he could go to 
practice (indoor) and I could run my sales call. I periodically tested the GPS and 
all 3 times it pinged back his exact location, which was 25-35 miles away from 
me. He called on his way to practice and after practice, nice clear service on 
all calls. So, for now, I give this watch phone 5 stars. We shall see 
what the durability and dependability will be over time, but as of right now I 
feel great about my investment! 