 LG G3 D855 Unlocked Cellphone, International Version, 32GB, Black
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+LG+G3+D855+Unlocked+Cellphone,+International+Version,+32GB,+Blac
-0.5155863761901855
So, I have used this phone for two months, I think two months is enough 
time to be able to give an objective review. This is by far the best 
phone I have ever had. My last 5 phones were: Sony Xperia Z1, Sony Xperia 
Z, LG Optimus G, HTC One S, iPhone 4.Design:I love the way this phone was 
built, it's light and it looks great. It's plastic but it feels like metal. The 
buttons on the back are easily reachable (altough I rarely use them). I don't like 
the 3.5 mm jack at the bottom of the phone.Screen:The Screen is superb. QHD is 
the best you can get today, it's super responsive and it looks amazing indoors. Outdoors 
is another story, you have to put the brightness control at 100% to be able 
to see under direct sun light. All in all this screen will wow everybody.Camera:Excellent camera, 
the results are amazing, you can shoot 16:9 pictures at 10 mpx and 13 mpx 
pictures 4:3. The dual tone flash really helps when it's dark. Images are crisp and 
clear. You can also record 4K, Full HD, HD and 120 fps videos at 720p. 
Videos are also great. The front facing camera is ok, nothing too spectacular but is 
not bad either. I just wish LG would have given the user some more options 
and manual controls.Battery:Battery life is good. I can use my phone for 15+ hours in 
a normal day. If your screen is on for too long the battery will suffer 
a drastic drop. In general it is good, not great but good.Performance:Great performance, you can 
run any game or app smoothly, you get 40.000+ in Antutu with lollipop.Software:This is not 
going to be a popular opinion but... I really like what LG did with Android 
here, I feel Android Vanilla is very limited, I really don't enjoy the "Vanilla Android" 
experience. The interface is pretty, the icons are nice, the transitions are awesome. You have 
a lot to choose from, but that's what Android is about,.. choices.Signal and Calls:Phone calls 
sound great, signal is always good. I have one BIG problem and it is the 
fact that I can't get 4G (LTE) from the phone without getting into the LG 
hidden Menu (3845#*855#) the option is simply not there. If i get into the hidden 
menu, go to LTE only and select the band manually I get 4G but if 
I reboot the phone i have to do it all over again.All in all this 
phone is amazing, Just Buy it, at this price you can't go wrong. Oh!!! Something 
else, the battery is removable and it takes Micro SD cards up to 128 GB 
