Samsung Samsung R355C Net 10 Unlimited
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Samsung+Samsung+R355C+Net+10+Unlimite
0.748972475528717
This is my third Net10 phone. First two were AT&T phones, lots not to like 
about AT&T in southwest CT (IMHO), so I made sure this is Verizon, and it 
is! (G at the end of the name indicates AT&T, C means Verizon.)Most important functionality 
for me is good coverage (Verizon), good voice commands (reliable Bluetooth) and decent texting ability 
(not bad on this device).My first phone (Samsung T401G) was a slider, which really does 
beat the fakeBerry style phone for texting, but the phone had no voice dialing, so 
Bluetooth was not fully functional. Scratch that.My second phone was a Samsung R455G (AT&T). It 
looked much like this phone and was actually heftier, nicer casing, a kind of mini-track 
pad for moving the cursor. It looked more like the $40 I paid rather than 
this $10 phone. BUT, the Bluetooth was the weirdest I've ever encountered (I wrote a 
review on Amazon), and any time you hit the space bar when texting, you were 
equally likely to get a period. So you. Would get. Sentences. Like this. Scratch that.So, 
with the R355C I get Verizon connectivity, a NORMAL fully-functional Bluetooth, and the ability to 
text relatively easily. I actually find typing on the fakeBerry much easier than I would 
have thought. The worst is all the overlays (for punctuation and things like $ / 
etc.), which, if you have started losing your fine eyesight as I have, is murder, 
because it's very hard to see what's on each key. I suppose over the life 
of the phone I will get used to the most common things I use, but 
while the phone is new it's a bit of a drag. Not the phone's fault.Unlike 
some phones with exposed buttons (like the R455G), this phone does not lock itself every 
time it goes dark, which is a feature I actually like. You can easily lock 
it (hold the space bar) before putting it in your purse, but if it's sitting 
on your desk, it doesn't lock up every time it goes dormant, which is great 
if you're in the midst of a somewhat sporadic text exchange. Somewhat unusually, to unlock 
the phone you press a soft key and the space bar rather than the center 
or "ok" button, which seems the more common configuration.Haven't had it long enough to comment 
on battery life, but it seems better than the 455, which had terrible battery life. 
