Sony Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Sony+Sony+Xperia+XZ+-+Unlocked+Smartphone+-+32GB+-+Mineral+Black
0.6735008955001831
I've had this phone for a number of weeks now and am very pleased overall.When 
I was looking to buy a new phone I was comparing this one specifically to 
Google's Pixel. Some of my initial concerns were getting updates timely, durability, and price.The hardware 
is standard for 2016 phones. The Pixel has a slightly newer processor that's negligibly faster. 
It was a disappointment the XZ only had 3GB of RAM though. This was still 
an upgrade from my previous phone however. There's also 1 very important fact to keep 
in mind when buying the latest and greatest in processing power - battery life. The 
Pixel had a beefier (ever so slightly) processor, and yet a smaller battery. Battery life 
will take a hit because of that. I was much less worried about it with 
this phone. The XZ (in the US) doesn't have a fingerprint sensor which is a 
bummer but I'm not going to miss it. The camera IS as high quality as 
Sony claims. I love it and can get off 10+ pictures without slow down.One of 
the reasons I was looking into the Pixel was because it would be nice to 
have a pure android phone. Samsung phones have that god-awful TouchWiz business and Sony's have 
the Xperia UI. You also have to wait for updates. I'm currently still waiting for 
Android 7.0 which I'm getting impatient for. The one thing I like about the Xperia 
is the customizability. Everyone Oo's and Awe's when they see my phone because the menus, 
buttons, etc all look extremely different from a normal android and they're surprised to find 
out I haven't rooted it.Some features this phone has that I couldn't get with Google's.Waterproofing 
- This was HUGE for me. I don't go around getting my phones wet however 
I have dropped one in the toilet before. That slip-up will destroy non-waterproof phonesSD card 
slot - If the phone has 64GB of internal memory or more it's not an 
issue. Unfortunately to get that with the Pixel it massively hiked the price. Beyond what 
this phone cost.Front facing speakers - This was also a big deal for me. I 
listen to music quietly in the mornings when getting ready and can't wear headphones while 
doing it. I hate the way sound comes out muffled when the speakers are pointed 
somewhere else.In the end I decided I could live with the Xperia interface, one gig 
less of RAM and slow updates. I like the way this phone looks. It's unique. 
Sony goes the opposite direction of simply copying Apple like Google did with the Pixel. 
Anything hardware-wise the Pixel had over the XZ, this phone beat with additional features (like 
the waterproofing). I feel like for the money I'd rather buy those features than a 
sliver of improvement in hardware. 