BLU BLU Studio C 5.0-Inch Smartphone with Android Lollipop OS - Unlocked (Grey)
1
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+C+5.0-Inch+Smartphone+with+Android+Lollipop+OS+-+Unlocked
-0.9891541600227356
September 12th update: I see that Amazon has placed this "Item Under Review" Stating that: 
While this item is available from other marketplace sellers on this page, it is not 
currently offered by Amazon.com because customers have told us there may be something wrong with 
our inventory of the item, the way we are shipping it, or the way it's 
described here.Small wonder, with the number of complaints it has logged, across the web. Mine 
finally bit the dust, today. About 3 months after purchase. It won't power on. I 
should have returned it, at the earliest sign of a problem. But, you know how 
that goes... it's hard to be without a phone for any length of time. Tsk, 
tsk.>>The phone doesn't reliably power on.<<I've had the phone for barely 2 weeks and am 
debating its return, as the problem I've experienced is well-documented on trouble-shooting/user forums. I generally 
don't purchase gadgets until a fair number of buyers have chimed in with their review. 
I broke that rule, when buying this phone, on a friend's recommendation (who didn't own 
the unit, but endorsed the specs). He's now experiencing the same problem that I am. 
A failure to power on the unit.I like the size and durable feel of the 
product. (I tend to prefer a 'heavier' phone.) I like the fact that my purchase 
included screen protector and cover case. However......regardless of charge level, the phone won't always power 
up. I touch the power key and feel a quick vibration, but the screen remains 
black. I can do this a dozen times in a row... with the same outcome. 
I can do this, varying the pause, in between attempts.Ultimately, I end up walking away 
from the phone... and returning 10 or so minutes later... to hold down the power 
button ... for at least 20 seconds, forcing a hard reset.The phone's never been dropped, 
or abused in any way. And that's consistent with others' reports, as well. The problem 
seems to surface within the first 5 weeks of use, from what I've read.This is 
*not* a confidence builder, for such a recent purchase. 