BLU BLU Studio 6.0 Unlocked Cellphone, Black
2
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Studio+6.0+Unlocked+Cellphone,+Blac
-0.958625078201294
I really really reaalllly wanted to love this phone. I am a phone geek... I 
love smartphones since I buy them, test them and sell them back eventually (if I 
so desire). Thorough research was done before I purchased this particular model since I have 
recently decided to delve into the budget phone market and choose BLU as the guinea 
pig. After purchasing the BLU Studio Energy & the BLU Win HD (two amazing phones), 
I decided to try the BLU Studio 6.0 Lte. Why? Because I love big screen 
phones and wanted a cheaper T-Mobile Lte alternative (this phone has all the bands to 
support T-Mobile).Let me start with what I love about this phone... the screen is GORGEOUS... 
amazingly crisp and bright. Some would say the phone is laggy... but it was surprisingly 
zippy considering the specs are low. The camera seem to take decent photos also... all 
this I tested in less than a week.Now for the bad... Android 4.4.3... not a 
bad version but just bad on this phone. I can't even get a percentage meter 
in the notification bar for my battery. OK... so I decided not to nitpick with 
that one and went on to test other things... like a new clock widget. I 
tried the HTC Sense clock from the Google Play store and it doesn't work.... that 
was strike 2. The I decided to try my Moto 360 Smartwatch with this phone... 
it paired ok but the Motorola Connect app just would not work. Thought it was 
a BLU thing so I tried the Moto 360 on the BLU Studio Energy... it 
worked perfectly (I suspect it may be the android version since the Energy has 4.4.4. 
while the Studio Lte had 4.4.3). Throughout all this testing, I realized the Google Play 
Services keep crashing which rendered the phone unusable.I had to restart several times to get 
it to stop but the last straw was ... my T-mobile connection kept fluctuating and 
whenever it does work, I only get Edge speeds. Tried the sim in my Blu 
Studio Energy and got 4G.I was hoping I could love this phone... but with the 
inconsistent connectivity, buggy software and incompatibility (somewhat) with my Moto 360.... I will have to 
return this product. 