Nokia NOKIA 301.2 FACTORY UNLOCKED QUADBAND 3G 850/1900 WORLD PHONE - WHITE
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Nokia+NOKIA+301.2+FACTORY+UNLOCKED+QUADBAND+3G+850/1900+WORLD+PHONE+-+WHIT
-0.962460458278656
Originally bought 1/28/2014. Amazon changed the date of my review when I updated/edited a few 
things in 2015. I made a second edit 8/28/2016. See end of review for this 
update.I have been searching for a feature phone since my trusty Sony 580 died over 
a year ago. I neither have, nor want, a data plan. I don't use internet 
on my phone. I was happy to find that Nokia was still developing for this 
market with something more than your bottom-of-the-barrel Go-Phone, which is what I had been using 
since the demise of my Sony.I have had the phone about a year. I don't 
love it like I did my Sony, even though it has some features that are 
better than the Sony, like standard jacks. Here are my opinions/experiences with this phone:Â Â 
Pros: Â Â Â Â 1.) Â It works as a phone - I can 
hear my callers and they can hear me. When set on full volume, calls through 
the handset are uncomfortably loud. (Not so much through the speakerphone - see Cons, below.) 
Clarity could be better - the sound IS NOT comparable to a land line phone 
- but voices are less muffled than on the cheap Go-phones with which we've been 
making-do. I've never had a smart phone, so can't compare the sound quality to a 
high-end phone.2.) Â It has 10 alarms that can be set for any day of 
the week or one time only, with a snooze function that is variable between 2 
& 59 minutes. You can choose your alarm tone.3.) The calendar has multiple choices of 
reminders, including birthday and anniversary that calculate age and are set for the life of 
the phone. You can also set these reminders through the directory.4.) The calculator has the 
normal calculator functions, but can also be used as a scientific or a loan calculator. 
It also has these common choices: 1/x; %; square root; x squared; MS (memory store); 
MR (memory recall); C (clear); and plus-minus.5.) Â Notes and To-do lists. As a trial, 
I put in 21 To-Dos and 30 Notes. 30 is the limit for notes. Probably 
the same for To-Dos.6.) Speakerphone/loudspeaker for calls and music Â 7.) Stopwatch8.) Countdown timer with 
alarm9.) Â You can set it to 3G, GSM or dual mode. Better battery life 
with GSM.10.) Â Flight Mode. Easily accessible.11.) Â You can add units to the conversion 
calculator. This is particularly useful since this phone was not developed for the US and 
many US equivalents were not included. For instance, there is a conversion for Acres to 
Square Kilometers but not to Square Miles. The is even a folder for "Lifestyle" conversions 
to add equivalents not found elsewhere. I added Miles per Hour vs. Kilometers per Hour, 
as there is no velocity converter. All converters are backwards compatible.12.) Â Unit lights up 
briefly to alert you when fully charged, but does not play a tone. This is 
infinitely better than my Go-Phone that would awaken me when I was charging the battery 
overnight.13.) Â You can opt out of emergency alerts. My Go-Phone had no such option. 
Amber/Silver alerts are important, but not in the middle of the night or when I 
get an alert from 300 miles away. I can opt in again if weather alerts 
are likely.14.) Â You can set an access code separate from a pin code to 
control access to certain operations like the browser, Â app purchases and downloads.15.) Â You 
can set a time limit on your phone Profile (normal, silent, meeting, etc.) so you 
don't have to worry about forgetting to reset your phone after you've been to the 
movies, etc.16.) Â I had no trouble with MMS messaging. I didn't have to do 
anything to set this up with ATT. It worked right out of the box. Unlike 
some other Â reviewers, my phone is recognized as a "dumb phone" by ATT.Â 17.) 
Â Has a radio and a music player. I have some issues with ringer & 
speakerphone volume, but not with radio & music volume. I often listen to podcasts & 
I can hear the spoken word clearly without earbuds. Radio only works with earbuds, as 
earbuds function as antenna. You can set it to play through the earbuds or through 
the speakerphone speaker. 3.5mm standard earbud jack.(Update: got a tablet that is much more convenient 
for podcasts. Still use the phone as a radio and love this function.)18.) Standard micro 
USB charging jack. Infinitely preferable to proprietary jacks!19.) Programable left and right selection keys. I 
programed my left key for a list of shortcuts to tools/apps that I either use 
infrequently or are difficult to remember how to access. Â My right key is programed 
to take me to my address book.20.)Â Programable soft keys. A straight press of the 
central Navigation key takes you to the Menu screen. Pressing the sides of the Navigation 
key up, down, left or right functions as soft keys. You can program these soft 
keys with frequently used shortcuts, like Create a Message, or to take you to the 
Calendar or Calculator.21.) You can designate one person as your most frequent text recipient. Very 
convenient!22.) Â The home screen is divided into four four separate sections for very frequently 
used items. The top section is slightly bigger than the others. You can choose from 
10 items or you have the option to leave a section blank. Choices are: Calendar, 
Clock, Countdown Timer, General Indicators (I have no idea what this is. When chosen, it 
simply reads "empty."), Mail for Exchange, Mail, Notifications, Radio & Media, Shortcut Bar, SocialAccount or 
(empty). Â I use the first section to display the time. On the next, I 
display the date, which also shows the next calendar entry, if there is one. My 
third section choice is Shortcut Bar, from which I can choose from 53 different shortcuts. 
Obviously, these shortcut choices are expanded from the original 10 choices given above. (This Shortcuts 
BAR is also different from the Shortcuts LIST I set up as accessible through my 
left selection key.) Some of the expanded choices: alarms, camera, calculator, etc. I currently have 
15 items on this shortcut bar. I don't know if there is a limit or 
if you can choose all 53 shortcuts. Â My fourth section is the countdown timer. 
I don't really use it all that often, but learned that this is the only 
way to easily display how much time is left on the timer when I do 
need a timer.Cons:1.) Â There is no Tools file, but there are TWO Apps files.Apps 
file contains: Â GamesAlarm clockCalculatorFilesVoice recorderTo-do ListNotesCountdown timerStopwatchAlso, within the Apps file is a folder 
called My Apps which contains:Â eBuddy (a now defunct chat app that eats up 615 
kb)FacebookGoal (a soccer app, for pete's sake, that eats up 231 kb!)Mail for ExchangeNews and 
OffersNokia NearbyNotificationsSocialAccounts (to manage social networking)Store (Nokia app store to buy apps)The Weather ChannelTuneWikiTwitterWhatsAppand World 
Clock.Â In addition, there is ANOTHER icon on the Menu Page called More Apps, to 
store all the apps you buy or download. Can we perhaps have just ONE apps 
file for ALL the apps and a separate Tools file? Oh, and Calendar is a 
file by itself on the Menu Page. Might have been a good place for TOOLS! 
(Just saying...)2.) I cannot delete any of the pre-loaded apps from the phone. I equate 
this to bloatware. I am perfectly capable of choosing my own apps, thank you!3.) In 
order to delete any of the pre-loaded apps, (Facebook, WhatsApp, Mail for Exchange), from the 
shortcuts list, (the one I access from my left selection key), you have to go 
to Options, Select Options, open Applications List, then unmark the pre-loaded apps, then press Done. 
Took me a week of playing around to figure this out. Most of the other 
tools you might want on a shortcut are simply listed under Options.Â 4.) Â There 
are four apps, (Store, Facebook, WhatsApp & Mail for Exchange), that you cannot delete from 
the Shortcut Bar. I NEVER use these apps, so find it irritating that I can't 
delete them. At least I can arrange the bar so that my frequently used shortcuts 
are listed first.5.) Â Phone is very slick, especially the face. The keys are slightly 
convex. This combines into a less than stellar texting experience as my fingers frequently slide 
off. Â And I feel the need to grip the phone tightly so I don't 
drop it. Getting a case helped.6.) If you want to add a new contact, you 
can only add their number and first and last name from the add contact screen. 
In order to add other information, you have to edit a contact. In order to 
edit a contact, you have to go to Names, then Select that Name (which feels 
like you would then call that person, but you don't) which takes you to a 
list of options, none of which is Edit. You then have to choose the left 
selection key labeled Options, then Add detail, where you can add numbers, add internet (web 
and email addresses), add multimedia (specify a ringtone or add an image, or add personal 
info (street address, birthday, note, formal name, nickname, company, & job title). In my Sony 
phone, you just had to highlight a contact name and hit edit which took you 
to a scroll down menu where you could edit/input info.Â 7.) You can't block calls 
from specific numbers, although you can block all calls.Â 8.) Menus, folders and files are 
not intuitive. You can probably finally find what you want if you are willing to 
devote a lot of time to playing with the programming, but this might be frustrating 
for users who are not comfortable with technology.Â 9.) Useless low battery notification. Mine notified 
me, (and I am being generous), maybe 3 sec before it died. Not enough time 
even to say "I think my phone is going to die" before it croaked. Sometimes, 
I swear, there is no notification at all. On my old phone I had at 
least 30 seconds, if not longer. Usually enough time to plug in before it died.10.) 
Really low ringtones and alarms/alerts. I've only downloaded one new ringtone, (brand-new, not copied from 
the Sony data card), but it isn't any louder than the ones already on the 
phone. I have everything set as loud as it will go, but ringtones are still 
almost mute. But at least I can hear callers. Speakerphone also low volume. Almost, but 
not quite, useless. Oddly enough, the standard tone for calendar alerts is reasonably loud. Unfortunately, 
you can't choose this tone for other things. I also tried recording loud tones through 
the Voice Recorder. Still comes out almost too low to hear. I wear the phone 
against my body and almost always feel or hear the vibration of a current call, 
so I can deal with this irritation. Oh, and turning off your phone or putting 
it on Silent does not turn off alerts. I have not yet found where you 
can choose to mute alarms for a period of time, like when in a theatre. 
I am going to be in trouble when I am someplace quiet and a calendar 
alarm goes off! Â 11.) Battery life nowhere close to what was advertised. I usually 
read/write 2-3 texts per day, have 3 daily alarms, occasional calendar reminders and talk anywhere 
from 1 to 3 hours per day. Â My battery is then almost fully depleted. 
I MUST charge every night. As a test, I talked for an hour on a 
fully charged phone. When done, I was down one of the four bars indicating battery 
life. It took 54 minutes to re-charge the battery to full. I had hoped to 
be able to talk about 6 hours and still use all the other functions as 
needed. Not possible. If I have a heavy texting day, the battery life plummets. Texting 
just eats the battery up! Invest in a car charger - you'll need it. However, 
if you don't use the phone, you could probably get 5 - 7 days between 
charges. I have recently ordered a new OEM battery. If my experience varies from the 
past, I will update this review. (Update: new battery made no difference in battery usage. 
Texting still eats up the battery and I still charge every night.)12.) Phone resets itself 
to its default ringtone even though I copied tones from my Sony and set them 
as ringers for specific callers. New ringtones are on my data card, and the phone 
recognizes them, but I would have to reprogram the phone every day or two to 
have vanity ringtones. Life is too short. I gave it up and just use the 
default.Â 13.) There Â is no way to turn predictive text on or off forever. 
You change capitalization by clicking "#" but if you click it too fast, you turn 
on/off predictive text. Also, no choice for numeric only. You choices are: "ABC, Abc or 
abc." if you want to use numbers in your texts, you must press and hold 
the key several seconds until the number pops up.Â 14.) Â Loses texts. The texting 
feature includes being able to read whole conversations, however, don't expect it to sort your 
responses correctly! I often find texts from different people in the wrong conversational folder. Also, 
it randomly loses texts entirely. I recently (11/19/14) tried to look up a text that 
I specifically remember getting approximately 9/23/14. I looked through ALL my folders and this text 
is just gone.Â 15.) Several times now, the phone has "frozen" and begun vibrating and 
buzzing loudly. Then no buttons work. It has done this most frequently while listening to 
saved music files for a long period of time. For instance, I downloaded some white 
fan noise to help me sleep when traveling. The phone froze and buzzed several nights 
in a row while I slept, waking me from a sound sleep like a fire 
alarm. The only way to stop it is to pry off the back and remove 
the battery - not something easily accomplished when you've just awakened in a panic! I 
finally decided to leave the back cover off and just use the rubber case to 
protect the phone.Â Final Analysis: if I knew then what I know now, I don't 
know if I would still buy this phone. Most of the Cons are just minor 
annoyances but the freezing thing is pretty serious. Makes me question the longevity of the 
phone. Compared to smart phones, this phone is pretty cheap at about $85 out-of-pocket, but 
since I am one frugal mama, that is still expensive to me, especially if it 
is going to crap out after only a year or two. I might have been 
better off with an older high-end feature phone - one developed before smart phones took 
over the market. I seriously doubt this was engineered as well as Nokia feature phones 
were in the past.Update 8/28/2016: Well, I guess I have an answer to whether or 
not I would choose this phone again - I would. Or at least I would 
if it hadn't doubled in price since I bought it! I don't know how a 
discontinued "dumb" phone goes from $89 in 2014 to $199 in 2016. That is just 
insane! It isn't that great a phone! I liked a lot of the features, like 
having 10 alarms, and having birthday reminders in my calendar that also told me how 
old the person was, but not enough to pony up $200!I am a creature of 
habit, but I'm also a cheap SOB. When the Nokia literally took a nap with 
the fishes, I looked around for a new phone and ultimately decided I would buy 
another 301 - until I saw how outrageously they are now priced! Unfortunately, I also 
discovered in my research that there are 3 versions of this phone, only one of 
which will continue working in the USA after Dec, and only Amazon is selling that 
version. (Model RM-841. This info can be found on the white label under the battery.) 
Rather than pay the new extortion price, I hopped over to Kroger and bought a 
$20 Go Phone. Do I like it? No. It irritates the living daylights out of 
me! But when I think about it costing only $20 - I get a whole 
lot happier!One last Con I discovered since I had to get a new phone: you 
can port a phone's worth of contacts TO the 301, but woe unto you if 
you need to port your contacts from the 301 to another phone! The Go Phone 
necessitated a new micro sim card. AT&T couldn't read my old mini sim, even though 
I could still access it thru the 301. (Water damaged the in & out mics, 
but the rest of the phone works.) I had to bluetooth/slam each contact to the 
new phone individually: a process that took me over 4 hours!Update 9/14/2016: It took 2 
weeks in industrial strength dessicant, but the 301 has been resurrected! All functions appear to 
have returned to normal. After a few weeks with the horrible Go-phone, I have upped 
my review to 4 stars. I know this phone won't last forever. I just ordered 
some cheap rubber port covers to try to avoid the humidity issues that almost trashed 
it this summer. I know I will be forced into a smart phone sooner rather 
than later, but I found I definitely like this phone better than anything else I 
can afford right now. (But it is still horribly overpriced at $200!) 