Motorola Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - White - 16GB - U.S. Warranty
3
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Motorola+Moto+G+Plus
-0.9771991968154907
I've had this phone two weeks now and while I mostly love it over my 
3+ year old Galaxy S4 that was never going to see Marshmallow, it is not 
without its quirks. I really wanted to give it 3.5 stars but since Amazon only 
allows whole stars...My phone suffers from the ghost touch issue while charging. It has happened 
on at least 3 occasions. I have also had the fingerprint scanner refuse to register 
my attempts to unlock the phone. This has happened probably a dozen times so far. 
Both problems seem to go away by using the power button to either lock and 
unlock the phone in the first case, or wake the phone up in the second.I 
have also seen two problems that have happened once each, and both were only fixed 
by powering the phone completely off and back on again. First, the phone stopped thinking 
it had a sim card in it even though it had been working fine for 
days. Second, the battery started draining much faster than usual, and the various screens seemed 
to show the GPS was on and being used and eating up battery even though 
location and related settings were all turned off. The list of apps showing battery usage 
seemed corrupted at this point as whatever was in the number three spot on the 
list would always get credit for the GPS usage.The phone is nice beyond all of 
that. Lots of storage, SD card if I need more, lots of RAM, speed is 
good, camera is good, battery life is two days or more not counting phantom GPS 
issue, and in theory the manufacturer says it will get Nougat and O when it 
comes out.I'm willing to live with the problems that just need a quick unlock via 
power button. The second batch of problems I mentioned are more irritating butif they end 
up being one-offs or only happen once every few months or less then I'm fine 
there too.Wish it had a user replaceable battery like my S4. But the price point 
makes it a little easier to swallow needing a new phone in two years when 
the battery won't hold a charge.That's probably enough random thoughts for now. :) 