 LG Google Nexus 5 D821 Factory Unlocked Phone, 32GB, Black - No 4G in USA - International Version No Warranty
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+LG+Google+Nexus+5+D821+Factory+Unlocked+Phone,+32GB,+Black+-+No+4G+in+USA+-+International+Version+No+Warrant
0.5168375968933105
I have been iphone user for 5 straight years now (since 2009 with 3GS, 4S 
and 5) iOS as you may know can't be customized a lot unless you jailbreak 
it which will probably make your phone more vulnerable to malware...etc. I got tired of 
its look through the years although I updated mine to iOS 8 last year. so 
I purchased nexus 5 since it delivers pure android experience unlike the other manufactures where 
they fill it with unwanted software and ugly interface and tweaks that makes the phone 
slower (looking at you Samsung). So I went for the safest choice by buying this 
phone which offer really great specs considering its low price. But don't be fooled by. 
the phone have many drawbacks like it's battery which drains really fast if you're heavy 
user like me (2300mAh) and its slow charging rate (it takes 3 hours to charge 
to 100%) which pretty much makes you a wall hugger for the most of your 
day (they solved this issue in nexus 6 with its fast charging and Lollipop update 
by offering battery saver mode when it reach to 20%). Another drawback is the camera 
which isn't that great but I don't take photos a lot personally so i can't 
speak about that much but many people have complained about, another flaw in this phone 
which I don't see a lot of people talk about is the inconsistency of the 
OS (heavy apps like chrome for instance crush multiple time and makes the phone seriously 
unusable unless you restart the phone from time to time, I solved this issue by 
downloading clean master app from google play which notify me whenever the RAM gets full 
and I need to clean it up before it makes my phone hard to use) 
probably this is the problem have just apeared with the introduction of lollipop update since 
I didn't use android KitKat for a long time. Other than that the phone has 
just been great and I can't complain much considering its price which Is amazing (remember 
that google business model is about how munch information they can advertise to you based 
on how much personal information you give to them not the actual hardware sales). If 
you can get your hands on the new MOTO X I highly suggest that you 
buy it instead of the nexus if you value the pure android experience like I 
am. ( I couldn't because I don't live in north america or europe) talking about 
this specific seller was not much to complain about since it Arrived fast and at 
good condition, but surprisingly without earpuds which I found it to be weird.The phone is 
great and there is not much to complain but you've got to consider its horrible 
battery and its camera and you have to get used to the OS if it 
was your first using it like I am. You have got a better alternative now 
in 2015 like moto x or the new nexus 6 (which I find its 6 
inch screen hard to use with one hand)Hope this review helps. 