Nokia Nokia E7-00 Unlocked GSM Phone with Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard, Easy E-mail Setup, GPS Navigation, 8 MP Camera--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)
5
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=Nokia+Nokia+E7-00+Unlocked+GSM+Phone+with+Touchscreen,+QWERTY+Keyboard,+Easy+E-mail+Setup,+GPS+Navigation,+8+MP+Camera--U.S.+Version+with+Warranty
0.7305936217308044
I've been already using the Nokia E7 for more than one month, and I must 
say I'm very happy with it. It is not perfect, but nothing to do with 
all the bad press about Nokia and Symbian.Comparing Side to Side to the iPhone, well, 
iPhone's 4 screen resolution is significantly better, but the E7's screen is larger. I was 
a bit disappointed with that, because I had been using the Nokia C7 Astound before 
and the resolution of that little one is awesome.However, for me this is not critical. 
I love the sliding keyboard and the design. It let's me operate like a mini-computer 
when I'm traveling. Great to answer emails and even check some power point presentations and 
PDF documents on the go.Quality of the camera is excellent for both pictures and video. 
I have not yet used the HD output though, but friends with N8 have used 
it and if you like those things, then you are fine.I was surprised that E7 
doesn't have Micro-SD memory card expansion slot (at least I didn't find it). I didn't 
expect that, so you are locked to the 16GB internal memory (not too bad).Battery is 
as one can expect from a Smartphone like this. If you use it a lot, 
it may not last over the day. But keeping it connected to USB cable to 
my laptop keeps it charged over the working day.My Apple follower friends will say that 
it is because I'm not used to iPhone, but the performance of the operating system 
doesn't seem too bad to me. I downloaded a few applications which are a must 
for me. Maybe less options than with iPhone, but who cares.One must is "Opera Browser": 
Nokia's browser still lacks a lot in performance. But if you install free Opera Browser 
you have a decent browser with not much to envy from Safari. BTW. You can 
play flash and watch videos inserted in newspaper's web with both browsers. Even played some 
online flash game (although a bit slow). Try that with the iPhone ;-)BTW. If you 
don't need the big screen, or the keyboard, and you want something smaller & cheaper 
but still great. The Nokia C7 Astound for me is GREAT. The form factor is 
"Perfect". Very good resolution, incredible camera and good battery life. You don't even feel you 
have it in your pocket, but still has a decent size screen. For a small 
portion of the price of an iPhone. I'd really consider this phone (I'd have it 
if it wasn't because I want the physical the keyboard) 