BLU BLU Vivo Selfie Smartphone - US GSM Unlocked - Black
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BLU+BLU+Vivo+Selfie+Smartphone+-+US+GSM+Unlocked+-+Blac
-0.8895894885063171
I am coming from having a 128GB iPhone 6 and just couldn't deal with paying 
35.00 a month for it anymore, I was also tired of paying double for a 
major carrier when I could pay half for the same coverage on a prepaid option. 
My only solution was to have someone pay off my iPhone and get me out 
of my "contract" with my phone so that I could move onto a cheaper solution. 
I honestly don't really need a powerhouse smart phone as I only use basic apps 
like facebook, youtube, news and weather apps, messaging, etc.. SO after a couple hours of 
researching I decided on this phone.... So after using it for 24 hours, it seems 
like a really good phone even for full price, (I paid under 100 for the 
White model, including taxes and free prime shipping) But I think it would even be 
a good deal for $200. For one it has a decent 720p Super AMOLED screen 
with Gorilla Glass 3, it's not the best screen ever, but again for under $100? 
It is very nice. It also has a very decent Quad Core processor and Mali 
400 GPU which according to Geekbench is a little faster than a Samsung Galaxy S3 
in single and multi core performance. Also similar to the galaxy S3 it has 1gb 
of ram which is plenty for normal non-power users like myself. It also has 2 
pretty good cameras. The rear camera is the better of the two, but the front 
camera is the best "selfie" camera I have ever had in any phone, budget or 
otherwise. They are both very serviceable cameras. The battery life on this phone is pretty 
great as well, having a 2300 MAH battery and only a 720p screen and this 
energy efficient processor leads to some really good battery life, I was able to get 
25 hours total time, with 5 hours and 57 minutes screen time and over an 
hour of phone calls. It definitely beats out the iPhone 6 battery. Also I have 
to mention the accessories. For this price I didn't expect anything but a phone in 
a crappy box, and I didn't even expect a good phone... But what I got 
was a great little phone that feels like it could have been a flagship just 
2 years ago and plenty of accessories, including a tempered glass screen protector, a case, 
a very nice sounding pair of ear buds and a Bluetooth selfie stick! Crazy! OK 
now this is no going to be all positive, I do have a few "gripes". 
For one I don't particularly like the on screen navigation, I would have preferred actual 
buttons apart from the screen. it feels like there is a spot for some capacitive 
touch buttons but it's just blank.. instead I have to rely on googles built in 
navigational buttons which take up valuable screen real estate. Again, I paid under $100 for 
it, I can deal with it.... Also the limited memory of only 8GB, I would 
have liked at least 16GB built in as some of the larger apps won't even 
mount to an SD card. Again just a gripe as I don't really expect that 
in this price range. And at least it does give me the option to add 
an SD card, which I opted to add a 32gb card and it works great. 
Also 2 times during my 24 hour test drive I have had to restart the 
device to get the wifi to re-connect. Don't know if this is a fluke or 
a re-occurring issue, I will update later. Oh yeah and lack of LTE which isn't 
a dealbreaker for me but it may be for some power users.... But otherwise this 
has been a great phone, it's responsive, has yet to even lag at all, the 
experience is very much stock android 5.0 which is a good thing for performance. I 
did some real world performance testing against a friends Galaxy Note 4 and while the 
Note 4 was faster in almost every category, this phone was never far behind. The 
difference was negligible to be honest. Unless your a power user that just has to 
have the latest and greatest I have no doubt this phone will be a good 
choice. The other good thing is, if I break it it's under $100 to just 
get a brand new phone! It costs 150 just to repair an iPhone screen!! So 
I no longer have this worry in the back of my head about having to 
baby the phone which in itself is actually kind of great. I'm done with 900 
dollar phones. I'm sticking with cheap unlocked ones from now on! 