BlackBerry Blackberry Torch 9810 Unlocked GSM HSPA+ OS 7.0 Slider Cell Phone - White
4
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=BlackBerry+Blackberry+Torch+9810+Unlocked+GSM+HSPA++OS+7.0+Slider+Cell+Phone+-+Whit
0.7387551069259644
This is my third Blackberry of this exact model. I like BBs because they run 
through the enterprise server, but also, I really love the keypad. It is soooo easy 
to transfer your data from one phone to the next so I like not having 
to set up a phone all over again. I'm busy and don't have time for 
that.There's something a little "off" about this one, though. It "hangs" a lot and tends 
to crash in the browser. I may have better luck if I go in on 
a computer and reinstall the operating system, but this is the first time I've had 
a Blackberry not work perfectly right out of the box.I don't think it's a problem 
with the seller. The item was brand new as advertised, beautifully packaged as they always 
are (Blackberry boxes are designed so you know you have a "luxury" or "executive-worthy" product 
LOL). No, probably just a wonky install or something, so I'll have to spend time 
poking around until I either fix it, give up, or finally give in and get 
a phone that will break the first time I drop it.Blackberry phones are highly durable; 
I have never broken a screen or managed to brick one although I did have 
to get a replacement for my first one after it decided to take a bath 
with me. (I took out the battery immediately and threw it in with a bunch 
of silica gel packets, but it seemed to be permanently dead. I kept it in 
case I needed replacement parts, but one day out of curiosity I tried it out 
again and it fired right back up and worked again for about 10 months until 
I drowned it again, this time by spilling a cup of scalding hot coffee all 
over my desk. It was a choice between the computer or the phone - the 
laptop won.)I've used these stupid phones for almost 10 years now, and while I've flirted 
with the HTC G1 and G2, loved loved LOVED the Nokia communicator series (but those 
are, sadly, impossible to use in today's app-friendly world), even had a Windows phone back 
in the early 2000s... still keep coming back to the Blackberry Torch. Seriously if anyone 
came up with a phone that was this durable, this easy to transfer to the 
next unit, this secure, and had a keypad - I would switch. Dang it though 
it's all these humongous no-button on-screen keyboard things and you have to relearn the phone 
every time you get another one. Maybe next time I'll buy something else, especially since 
the shelf life of the Torch seems to be dwindling. 