 Unlocked Quad-band S29 Smart Watch Phone Support Camera TF Card Micro SD Card SIM Card Bluetooth Wrist Smartwatch
3
https://www.amazon.it/s?k=+Unlocked+Quad-band+S29+Smart+Watch+Phone+Support+Camera+TF+Card+Micro+SD+Card+SIM+Card+Bluetooth+Wrist+Smartwatc
0.9675659537315369
I have been using this watch for a month and I really enjoy using it 
when it is working properly. I will start with the positives.First off, the look and 
build quality is amazing. Its sturdy, sheek, and is clean enough to wear with any 
type of attire. Ive worn it to work and I have worn it with a 
full suit. People stop me and ask me about everytime they see it!The battery is 
great so far. It lasts all day without a problem.The sound on it when it 
comes to music and media is very good. Loud and clear without the tinny sound 
as expected of something with speakers as small as these.The price is awesome. You wont 
get a watch at this price with such a sturdy build.But the negatives have to 
be addressed as well. The Connectivity is probably my biggest issue with the watch. I 
will have it on and constantly have to re connect it to my phone every 
30 minutes or so. I could be in a phone call and it would just 
disconnect even with the batteries on both devices at a high percentage.The time zone is 
also an issue. Its always an hour ahead. Cannot figure out why. I have to 
constantly go into my watch everytime to fix the time because the watch uses something 
called a "live zone" and when you first set it, i set it to my 
home state. But every time i turn the watch off and on, it will change 
my zone an hour ahead. Went out west for a week on business and it 
changed the zone to where i was, but changed to an hour ahead anyway. Its 
hard to really explain. But its really annoying to say the least.Even tho the media 
sounds amazing on this watch, calls only sound as amazing when u are in a 
dead quiet setting. Having it in the car was ideal but even the slight road 
noise made the call hard to hear. Windows closed, radio off, air conditioning off and 
I still couldn't have a continuous conversation. In my home is great though.Screen is small 
so texting should he kept at very short phrases. Having a conversation via text on 
ur watch will take a while. It took me 15 attempts to type the word 
"Congratulations". Slightly frustrating.I like the watch enough to keep wearing it and using some of 
the functions like the alarm, music, pedometer, and for the look. But if the issues 
with time wasnt so annoying, this would have gotten 4 stars. And if i didnt 
have to connect it to my phone so often, 5 stars.I will not say that 
you shouldnt try it out. Some reviews on this are awesome and most likely, my 
situation is not a common one. 